"kaushik-kudtarkar","Kaushik Kudtarkar",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/kaushik-kudtarkar/","Kaushik","Kudtarkar","Mechanical Engineer with Design and Manufacturing experience","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQF6JXZTPM_7jA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=sMzltq5J-7aEajnTeQqde2fKv9Ay37kMYbXDOYj4Wp4","United States",,,"I am a Graduate Mechanical Engineer from Rochester Institute of Technology with concentration Product development; Mechanics and Design and three years of industrial experience and two years of lab research experience. My work experience consists of rich and extensive experience in product design & development, manufacturing and automation systems.  ♦I have 4 years of industrial experience working on projects for modeling machinery, sophisticated and high-performance products. Hands on Experience using rapid prototyping techniques. ♦Strong understanding of metal manufacturing processes, fixtures and tooling and application of DFMEA, root cause analysis, process simulation, lean manufacturing, cost reduction, SAP.  ♦Worked independently and as a team for continuous improvements on manufacturing floor utilizing  Kaizen.  ♦Highly motivated with strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills complemented by meticulous and creative detail to drawing and specifications.  Actively seeking full-time opportunities.",,,,,,,,,,,,,,"http://www.coroflot.com/kaushikkudtarkar",,,"SEGULA Technologies","Project Engineer","Mar 2019","Nov 2019","Responsible for delivering tooling requirements (ie rod assembly, torque tools, tie rods, shifter/bracket fixtures, battery cable fixtures, etc). Calculate fabrication costs,review the estimate with requester, execute design, facilitate design reviews, procure competative bids for fabrication, coordinate changes to prototype. Facilitated design reviews, changes to prototype. Communicate with offsite resources/vendor regarding tooling designs. I have developed have excellent communication skills and gained good experienced in handling timelines.","Allentown, Pennsylvania","https://www.linkedin.com/company/segula-technologies","segula-technologies",,,"KUKA North America","Mechanical Engineer","Mar 2017","Mar 2019","Developed automation electromechanical design concepts for fully automatic assembly operations. Actively supporting the manufacturing team for debugging issues related to design for ongoing projects. Developed system layouts to improve the process cycle time. Key contributions: Quickly attained proficiency in CAD software, Autodesk Inventor, SolidWorks, etc. and became an integral part of the design and development team, developing critical design prototypes, validating system layouts to achieve production ramp up goals, and debugged assembly stations in real-time during ongoing production. Trained additional personnel to expand design support for 24 hrs. production and alleviate bandwidth constraints see less","Clinton Township, Michigan","https://www.linkedin.com/company/kuka-north-america","kuka-north-america",,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Graduate Resarch at DMFL lab","Jun 2016","Dec 2016","Designed and fabricated a microreactor for generating polymer ionic gel beads for electrostatic energy harvester. Developed stiffness testing equipment and capacitance testing facility for the polymerized ionic gel beads. Conducted electromechanical testing on gel beads and evaluated the results to develop a safe and clean solution for electrostatic energy harvester. Key contributions: Successfully led the project through initial concept and material/equipment sourcing, to prototyping and testing. Published 3 technical papers in international journals. Presented the paper at IMECE International conference held in Arizona, Nov ’16. Led a team of undergraduate researchers to develop research for future applications. see less","Rochester, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Teaching Assistant","Jan 2016","Dec 2016","Assisted professor to conduct experiments in Engineering Measurement lab. Helped students with LabView software. Graded lab assignments and maintained a record of the progress of every student throughout the semester. Fabricated new experimental facilities under the guidance of Dr Robert Carter in the Engineering Measurements Lab.","Rochester, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Mechanical Lab assistant","Aug 2015","Dec 2016","Assisting students for software related problems in 3d modeling software such as SolidWorks, Pro-E, Creo, etc. and analytical software such as LabView, Matlab and Simulink in the computer lab. Assisted students with various fabrication projects. General maintenance and organizing the lab. see less","Rochester, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Rochem Seperation systems","Mechanical Design Engineer","Oct 2013","Jun 2014","Project: Waste Heat Evaporator Plants • Designed Waste Heat Evaporators using SolidWorks and fabricated a working test product. • Conducted testing and analyzed equipment and system feasibility using ANSYS, resulting in 25% reduction of project budget by reducing number of prototype/test units built. • Developed, coordinated and monitor aspects of production, including selecting of manufacturing methods, bill of materials, fabrication, and operation of product designs using Microsoft office tools. • Gained experience of working in a cross-functional team.","Mumbai, Maharashtra, India","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochem-seperation-systems","rochem-seperation-systems",,,"Remi Edelstahl Tubulars Limited","Jr. Mechanical Engineer","Aug 2012","Jul 2013","Project: Bharat Petroleum and ESSAR Steels • Planned, scheduled, and coordinated large scale-scale projects using Microsoft Project. • Worked in production department to analyze process, and equipment options to satisfy client needs. • Practiced production techniques including: Lean, Kaizen JIT and FMEA and mastered the introduction of Six Sigma into design through to production. • Ensured delivery of all project deliverables on time and on budget. • Learnt and operated SAP ERP software to plan company projects. • Enhanced communication skills by organizing meetings with clients pertaining to technical queries.","","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Remi%20Edelstahl%20Tubulars%20Limited",,,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Master’s Degree","Mechanical Engineering","3.21","2014","2016","Focus Area: Product development and DesignCourses:•	Advance Mathematics•	Engineering of Systems•	Project Management•	Composite Materials•	3D Printing & Rapid Prototyping•	Vehicle Dynamics•	Thesis on examining the effect of monomer chemical composition on electromechanical properties of polymer gel beads","Mumbai University","Bachelor’s Degree","Mechanical Engineering","3.2","2008","2012","",,,,,,,,"""Microsoft Office : 23, Matlab : 23, AutoCAD : 21, Engineering : 17, Mechanical Engineering : 14, Engineering Design : 11, Designing : 10, Design Engineering : 8, Project Engineering : 8, Analysis : 7, Finite Element Analysis : 7, CAD/CAM : 7, Heat Transfer : 6, Manufacturing : 6, Project Management : 5, Research : 1, Computer-Aided Design (CAD) : 1, Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) : 1, Simulations : 1, Injection Molding : 1, SolidWorks : 17, PTC Creo : 8, Pro Engineer : 7, Solid Edge : 7, Catia : 7, Microsoft PowerPoint : 7, ANSYS : 7, Microsoft Project : 6, C++ : 6, Microsoft Excel : 6, AutoCAD Mechanical : 5, Unigraphics : 5, Inventor : 5, Autodesk Inventor : 5, C : 5, LabVIEW : 5, NX Unigraphics : 4, PowerPoint : 4, Arduino : 3, Management : 6, Stress Analysis : 8, DesignCAD : 7, Research Implementation : 6, Engineering Drawings : 5, Tooling Design : 1, Automotive Design : 1, UG : 1, ""","",2,,"Mechanical Or Industrial Engineering",8,"Mihir Naik, Cindy Wolfer","Mihir Naik","Cindy Wolfer","Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers (IISE); Michael Moritz; Oracle; Elliot S. Weissbluth; Richard Branson; Tableau Software Fans and Friends"
