"vaibhavi-haria-8809bb6b","Vaibhavi Haria",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaibhavi-haria-8809bb6b/","Vaibhavi","Haria","Senior Business Analyst at Nomura | Ex-Barclays","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQFXxtkIJ-W-9A/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=cWe2AxQXuR211IwP_Lp_Ox9rmuyq3JRuqVwJjpmFuSw","Thane, Maharashtra, India",,,"I am currently working as a Senior Business Analyst at Nomura as a consultant from On Demand Agility Solutions. Currently working on implementing US DTCC Regulations for CFTC & Canada Jurisdictions.  Primary Skills: Stakeholder Management, Business Analyst, Requirement Gathering, Task prioritization, Business Continuity & Development, Process improvement, Project Planning, Project Management, SDLC Life Cycle, Scrum Master, Agile, Yearly Application Audits.  Databases: SQL, Oracle  Methodologies: Agile, UML, Scrums, JIRA  Being a person with strong Analytical skills, ability to break down complex problems and projects into manageable pieces, an ability to work with cross-functional teams and interact with all levels and drive and document business and technology requirements with good management skills makes me a perfect fit as an Business Analyst.  A role of Business Analyst and/or Project Manager which is a combination of both Technical and Managerial work would suit me the best. I am looking for a job which brings the best out of me, a job where I can use my energies to the fullest and efficiently contribute my knowledge and skills for the growth of organization and also  build a professional career for myself.   One of my goals is to help people, inspire others and motivate many.",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Nomura","Senior Business Analyst","Apr 2020","PRESENT","","Mumbai, Maharashtra","https://www.linkedin.com/company/nomura","nomura",,,"Barclays","Business Analyst","Aug 2019","Mar 2020","Global Major Shareholding regulations require Barclays to monitor and disclose the Firm's aggregate holdings in equity and equity linked securities of publicly listed companies to certain global regulators, exchanges and/or issuers. Failing to make disclosures can lead to regulatory censure, fines and reputational damage. Large Holdings is the area is responsible for ensuring the Firm meets its major shareholding monitoring and reporting obligations globally. Over 80 Monitors are used to cover 90 Jurisdictions via a dashboard. Large Holdings IT System acts as data repository collating firm wide position and transaction data which is then upward fed to Group who manage the reporting process on cross cluster basis. The system consumes approximately 200 transaction/position upstream feeds to generates the reports on a daily basis. Approximately. 32 to 35 million rows of data consumed by LH system.  Roles and Responsibilities: 1. Managing Stakeholders from various upstream and downstream. 2. Working closing with IT and Operations on any Live issues to make ensure Barclays doesn't miss the SLA. 3. Liaising with Stakeholders for new requirements and investigating/analyzing the requirements in depth. 4. Involved in Resource Planning & JIRA Prioritization, managing stakeholders by having monthly user feedback meetings and weekly catch up calls. 5. Following Agile methodologies by using JIRA for logging the requirements, defects, bugs, etc. Creating Custom JIRA Dashboard & Burn Down charts for tracking sprint progress. see less","","https://www.linkedin.com/company/barclays-bank","barclays-bank",,,"Barclays","Business Analyst : Client,Money And Assets","Nov 2016","Aug 2019","CLIENT MONEY AND ASSETS:  Currently majorly handling three projects simultaneously: -BEAR- Barclays External Agent Repository -BEADD- Barclays External Agent Due Diligence -BCheck and BConform  Responsibilities include:  - Gather requirements to create a detailed Business Requirement Document and prepare Acceptance criteria document, high-level designs and workflows and mock-ups for Developers, QAs and Business. - Help to define Product’s Business vision, strategy and scope - Conduct workshops and demos with Business and then DEVs, QAs for conveying clear requirement for future releases. - Support User Acceptance Testing across the global stakeholders. - Create Change Tasks and Release preparation for Releases and Go-Live - Use Agile methodologies. Capture requirements onto JIRA and use JIRA Dashboard, burnt down charts, etc. and conduct Scrum calls for the Team. - Scrum Master to run daily scrums - Showcased Entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment. - Working on merging of two major applications BEAR and BEADD into a single application. - Working on E-Documentation Management System to store all the Agreements and Relationship level Agreement onto e-docs site. Working on the analysis of the Structural Reform Program. - Worked on MiFID II Regulations on European Markets within the External Accounts.  Tools: MS Visio, Balsamiq Mock-ups, MS Office Suite, Rational Rose Methodologies: Agile, UML, Scrums Databases : MS SQL Server 2008/2012 see less","Mumbai Area, India","https://www.linkedin.com/company/barclays-bank","barclays-bank",,,"Barclays","Technology Analyst","Aug 2015","Oct 2016","Technologies Worked on : Databases : MS SQL Server 2008/2012 ETL tool : Informatica Programming Languages : Java, Scala, T-Sql Big Data Ecosystems : Hadoop, HDFS, HBase, Hive Tools : Autosys, Eclipse, J Creator, MATLAB Methodologies : Agile, UML  1. I am currently working for an Data Warehousing application ‘Meteor’ which is the golden and strategic Data Warehouse for the Prime Financing business within Barclays and provides the below functionality -  PnL Reporting – Regional Longs & Shorts Statistical Models to be used by Desk.  Audit, Compliance & Regulatory Reporting.  Trend Analytics - Exposes Functional Data Sets to be used by Product Control, Quant & the Risk & Optimization Desk for their analytical needs. 2. I was focused to gain development experience on an ETL tool Informatica and SQL server management studio, wherein I’ m now able to efficiently make transformations, sessions and workflows and even monitor the jobs using Informatica Designer, Workflows and Monitor respectively. 3. Implemented the Daily Data Quality Checks for various fact loads in order to ensure the integrity of data during the ETL cycle and built custom EOD reporting for the Warnings & Errors. 4. Able to integrate new data sets within Meteor and translating them into the FACT tables using Informatica. 5. Gained exposure on Orchestrating jobs using Autosys. 6. Gained exposure on Agile principles and Scrum ceremonies.  2. I was a part of ‘9PS (9 Product Stack)’ project, in Data Systems and Insights Department, which aims at collating the data from 9 business areas across different source systems and converting the accumulated data to Hadoop.  Wherein I learnt – Shell scripting and created standardized and reusable scripts.  Contributed to Scala/Scalding code and wrote scala code for performing operations on HBase . Worked onto writing hive and impala queries.  Being an agile team, Kept project issues and tasks updated on Jira. Kept the project updated on confluence. see less","","https://www.linkedin.com/company/barclays-bank","barclays-bank",,,"Shaping India","Mind Trainer and facilitator","May 2014","Feb 2015","Trained more than 5000 students, ranging from standard 1st to 12th on various soft skills like Attitude, Body Language, Public Speaking, Networking, Time and stress management, Mind power ,etc. Trained Engineering students for Placement activities like Debates, Public Speaking, Body language,etc. A part of at PLAN 2014 (Professional leadership and networking for Principals) at Singhania's school, Thane. Delivered more than 300 training sessions on various topics.","Mumbai Area, India","https://www.linkedin.com/company/shaping-india","shaping-india",,,"Bel Lighting - India","Database Developer (Intern)","Jan 2014","Apr 2014","File Management System : Developed a solution for the company to effectively manage their clients and projects while reducing manual work. ⦁ Researched and analysed their existing process to find appropriate systems consistent with their requirements. ⦁ Developed novel system for recording client data along with effective management of their meta data. ⦁ Improved performance by reducing time complexities.","Mumbai Area, India","https://www.linkedin.com/company/bel-lighting---india","bel-lighting---india",,,,,,,,,,,,,"NMIMS Global Access School for Continuing Education","Master of Business Administration - MBA","Business Administration and Management, General","","2019","2021","","K J Somaiya College Of Engineering","Bachelor's of Engineering","Computer Science","","2011","2015","","K V Pendharkar College","K V Pendharkar College","Mathematics and Computer Science","","2009","2011","","""Business Analysis : 8, Requirements Gathering : 5, Project Management : 5, Business Strategy : 4, Business Analytics : 4, Agile Methodologies : 3, Business Planning : 3, Agile Project Management : 3, Software Project Management : 2, Big Data : 3, Programming : 2, Project Planning : 0, Engineering : 4, Documentation : 0, Scrum : 0, Project Estimation : 0, MySQL : 4, Microsoft Word : 2, Microsoft Office : 13, Microsoft SQL Server : 5, Informatica : 4, Java : 10, Scala : 2, C++ : 17, Matlab : 3, SQL : 2, Databases : 2, Microsoft Excel : 10, JavaScript : 2, C : 7, Visio : 0, Educational Leadership : 2, Teamwork : 3, Management : 1, Leadership : 1, Team Management : 1, Customer Service : 0, Stakeholder Management : 0, Communication : 0, Project+ : 2, Autosys : 1, BRD : 0, ""","2416",2,,"Financial Services",26,"Rohan Kelkar, Kalpesh Nikhare","Rohan Kelkar","Kalpesh Nikhare","EY; Priyanka Chopra; Tony Robbins; IBM; Bill Gates; Satya Nadella"
