"anchujain","Aanchal Jain","jain28anchu@gmail.com","https://www.linkedin.com/in/anchujain/","Aanchal","Jain","Business Analyst at AAA","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQFPca3djdXSfg/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=w5IYOnvI8OBjnHAvF8WpAJXvgb9VCrOSCxvM-T8x4Yc","San Ramon, California",,,"I love to dig into customer problems and solve them with modern technology. I create, scale and optimize product portfolios that matter. To accomplish this, I focus on key results, build amazing teams and quickly adapt to new insights.  I have enjoyed many client facing roles and have recently completed my master’s in Information Systems. My personal and professional experiences have taught me the following about myself:  I can successfully create, scale and optimize software products: -	I put the customer at the center of all that I do. -	I excel at the execution of big ideas with given constraints. -	My gut instinct is good but I seek data for my decisions.  I can align, lead and grow product teams: -	I love to win, but helping the team win gives me greater joy. -	I speak tech. -	I tell great narratives that motivate.  I educate, refine and drive myself to be a better person: -	I am constantly learning because I never settle. -	I stay calm when faced with adversity. -	I focus on making high-quality decisions.  I enjoy meeting new people and hearing new perspectives. I love working with data, business strategies and most importantly collaborate with diverse group of people to achieve something meaningful.    Professional Skills: Product Management | Business Development | Agile Development | Strategic Planning | Market and Pricing Analysis  Domain Knowledge: IT Management Software | Digital Marketing | Digital Advertising | Human Resources | Sales | Marketing  Tools/Technologies: Agile Methodologies(Scrum) | Waterfall Methodologies | Python | SQL | SAP | UML | HTML | MS Office | MS Project | MS Share Point | WEKA (Data Mining) | Tableau | Advanced analytics techniques | Statistical Analysis and Techniques | Workday","jain28anchu",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"AAA Northern California, Nevada & Utah","Business Analyst","Dec 2019","PRESENT","Collect operational /product/ financial data, conduct research and perform complex analysis (competitive, financial, industry, regulatory). Determine possible implications on various divisions/ departments and make recommendations as needed. • Develop and prepare complex Product and Operational reports for management. Perfors variance and trend analysis. Support findings with research, statistical analysis, rationale, and other related activities for use in management decisions. These include financial and analytical models for decision making. • Review and analyze the business unit’s operational / product / financial reports. Interpret the contents for management, alerts them to significant issues and / or opportunity trends. • Develop a variety of reporting methodologies to capture identified trends and recommends solutions, strategies and actions. This includes developing charts, graphs, tables that consolidate data in a meaningful way for review by management. see less","California","https://www.linkedin.com/company/aaa-northern-california-nevada-&-utah","aaa-northern-california-nevada-&-utah",,,"Double Amor","Business Analyst","Jan 2019","Nov 2019","• Monitored progress of project by tracking activities using spreadsheets and search engine optimization KPIs to recommend actions of prioritizing tasks using gantt charts to effectively increase efficiency by 60%. • Identified business challenges, opportunities; coordinated with team; made strategic recommendations using data analysis. • Supported strategic initiatives of evaluating areas of opportunities for business by analyzing data of business performance. • Assisted CEO in defining scope and objectives of project to determine available resources and designing work breakdown structures which in turn estimated time and financial commitment. • Slashed budget by 70% by creating crowdfunding campaigns & negotiating with investors to get project’s budget approved. • Submitted project deliverables and ensured they adhered to quality standards; conceptualized status reports by gathering, analyzing and summarizing relevant information. • Provided guidance, training and feedback to other interns. • Prepared reports on financial, market, operational and data analysis to recommend strategic decision making. • Expanded business development efforts by using technical tools; increased firm’s visibility and customers. • Acted as a liaison between the agile scrum team and engineering team to execute on the roadmap with clear milestones. • Solved discrete problems by structuring approaches, delivering clear requests for information, and prioritizing and completing tasks. see less","Dallas/Fort Worth Area","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Double%20Amor",,,,"Glocal Thinkers","Project Manager","Aug 2016","Jul 2017","•Defined project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases and elements; established project budget to develop sales tactics; helping team deliver 90% of project by original deadline. •Provided pre-sales internal support to clients by working with revenue recognition, legal, accounts receivables. •Performed modeling to assist new products/services and pricing strategies for different clients. •Proposed changes to processes to fix root causes by troubleshooting operational issues. •Designed direct-to-consumer marketing efforts for retail clients by building targeted insights through data analysis, consumer trends. •Acquired 6 top-tier clients and maintained business growth by forming new project teams. •Coordinated with cross discipline teams to make sure that all parties are on track with project requirements, deadlines and schedules which helped identify and resolve communication issues. •Assisted with ad-hoc analysis and presentation requests. •Collaborated with internal or external stakeholders to resolve data discrepancies and issues, and reviewed process efficiencies and made recommendations for process improvement. •Identified risks and controls, developed audit programs, benchmark financial and operational processes and controls as well as perform controls optimization. •Managed the sales team by providing cross-training for peers, team members and outside business units to share best practices and ensure fulfillment of sales orders. •Acted as a liaison between the client , sales team and IT department. •Collaborated with clients, identified and addressed client needs by building relationships, understanding their business, communicating firm’s services to the client. •Worked on marketing of new product development vertical which included identifying needs of consumers, drafting document on techniques of promotion along with their costs & designing brochures; increased personal client retention rate by more than 50%. see less","Gurgaon, India","https://www.linkedin.com/company/glocal-thinkers","glocal-thinkers",,,"Addon Industries","Associate Business Analyst","May 2015","Jul 2016","Worked on marketing of organization by recognizing the needs of the consumers and trying to satisfy them effectively. Supervised external audits by designing standard operation procedure to successfully accomplishing goals of audit. Determined, implemented, & evaluated business metrics to meet ongoing organizational needs. Participated in weekly meetings to monitor activities of sub-contractor & maintain professional relationships with them. Maintained strong relationships with the client community to stay ahead on current business needs. Managed changing business and technical requirements in agile environment to meet project goals. Extracted, transformed, and loaded functions using MySQL to create a database for all potential clients. Created and tested different business metrics to meet validation requirement of the project. Ensured user stories and requirements; adhered to realistic business needs of the client. Conducted user training and prepared manuals to ensure end user usefulness. see less","Dehra Dun Area, India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Addon%20Industries",,,,"Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education","Intern","Sep 2014","Dec 2014","• Implemented new system to provide comprehensive healthcare facilities to the ICFRE pensioners and their dependents, through user-friendly website for easy uploading, deleting, editing of the records and online generation of PHS. • Proposed and designed software development process, created the database, designed website, performed testing on the software to find errors and check for the working and performance of the same.","Dehra Dun Area, India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Indian%20Council%20of%20Forestry%20Research%20and%20Education",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"The University of Texas at Arlington","Master's degree","Management Information Systems, General","","2017","2019","","Banasthali Vidyapith","Bachelor's degree","Computer Science","","2011","2015","",,,,,,,,"""Project Management : 6, Business Development : 5, Marketing Strategy : 5, Research : 5, Digital Marketing : 1, Auditing : 2, Social Media Marketing : 1, Social Media : 1, Advertising : 1, Internal Audit : 1, Business Analysis : 2, Data Analysis : 2, Data Modeling : 1, Data Management : 1, Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) : 1, Pivot Tables : 1, Data Visualization : 1, Business Intelligence (BI) : 1, Product Management : 1, Agile Methodologies : 1, Scrum : 1, Microsoft Office : 3, Java : 3, Microsoft Excel : 3, C++ : 3, Microsoft PowerPoint : 2, Microsoft Word : 1, SQL : 1, Python (Programming Language) : 1, HTML : 1, python : 1, mysql : 1, Management Information Systems (MIS) : 1, Relational Databases : 1, JIRA : 1, Tableau : 1, Public Speaking : 2, Leadership : 2, Management : 1, Team Management : 1, Teamwork : 1, Use Case Diagrams : 1, Structural Modeling : 1, Behavioral Modeling : 1, functional model : 1, Workday : 1, Excel Dashboards : 1, Excel Models : 1, Process Excellence : 1, Waterfall Project Management : 1, ""","2161",2,,"Information Technology & Services",2,"Rohan Kamath and Debbie Ogle","Rohan Kamath","Debbie Ogle","Hays; Jobs and Careers - Open Forum for Job Seekers, Recruiters, and Employers; CTG - Computer Task Group; The Business and Data Analyst Forum; Business Analyst Professional - BA, Analysis, Data Analyst, Data Scientist; Agile Business Analyst"
