"niraj-prabhakar-01248b196","Niraj Prabhakar",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/niraj-prabhakar-01248b196/","Niraj","Prabhakar","Business Analyst at Wonders Corporation","data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7","Jersey City, New Jersey",,,"5+ years of experience as a Business Analyst/ Business System Analyst in improving operational efficiency and reducing costs while meeting challenging business demands, in different sectors using Business Analytics, Modeling expertise and SDLC process. •	In - depth knowledge and practical experience of using Waterfall, Agile, Scrums, Business Process Reengineering and Unified Modeling Language. •	Exceptional in gathering Requirements by conducting brainstorm meetings, interviews and survey/ questionnaire. •	Extensive experience in producing documents like Business Requirements Documents (BRD), Functional Requirement Speciﬁcations (FRS), Software Requirement Speciﬁcations (SRS), Creating Request for Proposals (RFP), creating Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM). •	Expert in conducting JAD sessions with executive level Business Stakeholders, User Clients, Technical Teams and Project Directors. •	Assisted Project Managers with the development of Project schedules/timelines, development of requirements, and preliminary design for client applications. •	Performed a Change Management Role when the new requirements were proposed performing impact analysis. •	Proficient in conducting GAP analysis using AS-IS and TO-BE business, Impact analysis, Risk analysis. •	Proficient in design and development of various dashboards, reports utilizing Tableau Visualizations such as bar graphs, scatter plots, pie-charts, maps etc. making use of actions and other local and global filters according to the end user requirement. •	Well-versed with leading industry tools like Jira, Version1, MS Visio, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Project and MS PowerPoint to develop various project deliverables. •	Coordinated with the development and testing team to conduct white-box testing on the new application and database systems using HP QC and LoadRunner. •	Experience maintaining the RACI matrix to assign tasks and responsibilities. •	Participated in Sprint Planning and Sprint review meetings for Finalizing the Sprint Backlogs and Verifying the sprint outputs respectively. •	Organized, goal-oriented, self-starter, and ability to master new technologies, manage multiple tasks.",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Wonders Corporation","Business Analyst","Feb 2020","PRESENT","","Long Island City, NY","https://www.linkedin.com/company/wonders-corporation","wonders-corporation",,,"Humana Inc","Business Analyst","Jul 2018","Feb 2020","• Worked on Agile methodologies, depending on the length and timelines of the projects. • Gathered business requirement through sessions with SMEs and end users and in addition through document analysis, brainstorming and interviews. • Managed user stories (requirements), use cases, and artifacts gathering processes and clearly communicated to the business and technical team members what is needed. • Gathered information and requirements from the users, then documented in Business Requirement Document (BRD), and Functional Specification Document (FSD). • Created Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and ER Diagrams in MS Visio. • Created detailed Use cases, BPMN flows, Functional Specifications, UML diagrams to remove ambiguity of the requirements communicated by clients or SMEs. • Participated in and contribute to as-Is and To-Be Process Modeling Sessions, and build process models. • Worked with the development team on task creation and estimating. • Responsible for managing the documented System Requirements and Requirements Traceability Matrix using Rational Requisite Pro. • Prepared PowerPoint presentations to present the updates and status of the project. • Assisted the Scrum Master in Creating and Managing the Release Planning Documents in the Version One and Share Point Repository. • Participated in functional design sessions, creates and executes SQL test scripts, and aids in the solution of data issues. • Actively involved in testing new/upgraded features like new Visualizations, Forecasting, Data Blending, Parallelized Dashboard, Hyperlink Objects, Color-coded tabs etc. in Tableau desktop/Server. • Evaluate key criteria such as KPIs and create assessment reports. • Involved in Sprint planning meetings to prioritize backlogs for design and development. Also, participated in Sprint review and retrospective meetings to identify gaps in project and address them in subsequent sprint cycles. see less","3 2nd St, Jersey City, NJ 07302, United States.","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Humana%20Inc",,,,"Lamda","Business Analyst","Jan 2014","Jul 2016","• Provided support to the development team by utilizing the waterfall methodology. Trained and mentored the IT staff in the waterfall process, Rational Suite tools and how they fit into the process. • Conducted Joint Requirements Planning (JRP) sessions as a facilitator to gather requirements from the business area and conducted JAD sessions with IT group. • Created Business Requirement Document BRD and then converted business requirements into Functional specifications. • Collaborated cross-functionally to plan and execute strategies for the project.      • Ensure that all tasks are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget. • Performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Cost benefit analysis and ROI analysis. • Managed Change Request process and performed Impact Analysis for several changes. • Maintained the RACI matrix throughout the project cycles to assign tasks and establish accountability. • Used JIRA for bug tracking and reporting, also followed up with development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status. • Biweekly Sprint Planning and Retrospective Sessions and update the team on status of upcoming User Stories. • Providing clear, concise and accurate updates to senior management. • Involved in creating Test Plan by providing and deriving estimates, creation of Test Scenarios and Test Cases, Defect management using HP Quality Center, User Acceptance Testing, user training as a Tool Expert, Product Readiness Effort. see less","Gujarat, India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Lamda",,,,"Vivma","Business Analyst","May 2012","Dec 2013","• Utilized RFP (Request for Proposal) to gather financial information's estimates on internal/external labour and sketching timeline for project management phases assisting program manager. • Utilized Requisite Pro to prepare a BRD by complying with the HIPAA regulations. • Improved cycle time, wait time, non-value-added processes and reporting requirements for each program areas and increase efficiency to quantified measures. • Developed multiple project artifacts including - Project Schedule, WBS, Project Plan, Test Plan, Implementation plans, and Test scripts. • Developed several artifacts including Information Resource Request (IRR) to support the project initiative and to have buy-in from management and other authorities and report status to the State CIO office. These documents include Return on Investment (ROI), Supplemental Budget Request (SBR), Cost Communication Matrix, RTM, Risk Plan, etc. • Gained in-depth understanding of market conditions and investment opportunities through conference calls and proprietary research reports. • Used MS Office extensively (Word, Excel, Visio, Power Point, Outlook, Project) for analysis, presentation and documentation throughout the project. • Performed Gap Analysis to identify the deficiencies of the current system and to identify the requirements for the proposed system. see less","Gujarat, India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Vivma",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Long Island University","Master's degree","Master in Technical Project Management","","2016","2018","",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"""Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) : 0, Agile Methodologies : 0, Agile & Waterfall Methodologies : 0, Scrum : 0, User Stories : 0, JIRA : 0, Visio : 0, Microsoft Office : 0, SharePoint : 0, Microsoft Project : 0, Team Foundation Server (TFS) : 0, Windows : 0, RFP : 0, Cost Benefit : 0, Sprint Planning : 0, Functional Specifications : 0, System Requirements : 0, Following Up : 0, Rally : 0, Visual SourceSafe (VSS) : 0, ""","",2,,"Information Technology & Services",2,"Pooja Dhote and Diana Pontos","Pooja Dhote","Diana Pontos","Ericsson; IBM; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; WarnerMedia; GE Healthcare; Microsoft"
