"adityashrivastava1995","Aditya Shrivastava",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/adityashrivastava1995/","Aditya","Shrivastava","Actively looking for Full-Time Business Analyst positions","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5103AQGnxXgv_Oj6lA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=78Dzml3uMyFNe625T3ZRdlWxJU29-5vJY1pIMlCM6bg","Greater Boston Area",,"April 27","Creative, collaborative, & success-driven professional with 5+ years of industry experience as a business analyst with an excellent understanding of Business Requirement gathering, Business Analysis, Business Process Modeling, Solid understanding of all phases of SDLC methodology such as requirement, analysis design, data modeling, business process modeling, implementation, and development. Experience in gathering requirements by using techniques such as questionnaires, brainstorming, and prototyping. Skilled in the areas of writing BRDs, FRDs, SRSs design, and development of use case scenarios. Highly motivated self-starter with excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills, can perform well both independently and with a team, always willing to work in challenging and cross-platform environments. Possess good communication skills, self-analysis skills, strong self-motivational skills, ability to organize own time and a good level of attention to detail.  - A highly committed, focused, and enthusiastic individual who strives for excellence in every undertaking - Technically sophisticated with strong proficiency in developing dynamic web-based projects, managing SDLC projects and developing database applications - Able to research, develop and implement innovative machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence, computer vision, and NLP techniques - Familiar with issue tracking software and distributed version control systems such as Jira, Git & Trello - Development: Python, C++, Java, C#, C, HTML, JavaScript, Android Studio, Visual Studio - Data Science: R, MySQL.  - Operating Systems: Linux, Windows, UNIX, Mac OS - Databases: MySQL, MS SQL Server, Oracle SQL, NoSQL, PostgreSQL, Access, Microsoft Azure - Libraries: Pandas, NumPy, Jupyter, Scrapy, Boto3, MySQL Connector-C, Scipy, Scikit-learn, Matpotlib, Bottle - Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, TCP/IP, UDP/IP, HTTP, SAP, SAP HANA, ETL Skillset, JIRA, Taiga, Wireshark - Tools: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Visual Studio Core, AWS s3, Neural Networks, Google Cloud Platform, Heroku, Tableau, SolidWorks, VAPT, EDA, MATLAB, MircoWind, DSCH, Agile/Scrum, Waterfall, SDLC, Requirement Elicitation, JAD, Questionnaires, Brainstorming, Gap Analysis, VersionOne, JIRA, MS Visio, Visual paradigm, Requisite Pro, Rose, ClearCase, ClearQuest, Test Director, Quality Center, LoadRunner, WinRunner, MS Office, MS Project, Microsoft Outlook, Crystal Reports",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Honeywell International","Business Analyst","Jan 2019","PRESENT","• Designed the business requirement collection approach based on the project scope, Created Business Analysis using agile methodology. • Performed requirements gathering and analysis from the business users of the system. • Interviewed, Analyzed, Gathered and Validated requirements with all pre-requisites required to elicit Artifacts. • Gathered and documented business BRD, FRD from formal sessions and validated the needs of the business stakeholders. • Performed detailed GAP analysis of the requirements to existing platform features. • Participated in and contributed to AS-IS and To-Be Process Modeling Sessions, and build process models. • Used Rational Rose for Process modeling and Business Process flow diagrams. • Created and managed project templates, Use Case project templates, requirement types and traceability relationships in Requisite Pro. • Worked with various teams to identify right source to pull the data points, conducting JAD, Sprint retrospective, story grooming. • Understood the business requirements and mapped them into functional and technical requirements. • Analyzed and designed the data flow and data modeling using power designer tool. • Interacting with the developers on resolving the reported bugs and various technical issues. • Developed deep understanding of business products and process. • Maintained Requirement Traceability Matrix RTM for requirement, design and test validations. • Used MS Project to manage schedules, deadlines and resources and collaborate on the project. • Assisted the QA team in designing the Test Plan and Test Cases for User Acceptance testing. • Maintained Sprint Metrics Chart on a spread-sheet to record team Performance on Functionality & Quality of the iterative increment for the team to self-assess areas of improvement; a KPI for Sprint Retrospective meeting. • Involved in system validation during UAT phase, along with Business line users to make sure that application meets the intended requirements. see less","Boston, Massachusetts, United States","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Honeywell%20International",,,,"Boston University (IS&T Department)","Business Analyst","Sep 2018","Jan 2020","• Defined project scope, gathered requirements, cited, managed by Rational rose & Rational Requisite Pro • Identified key relationships, directed brainstorming sessions, bi-weekly presentations to gain adoption of fit/gap analysis • Managed Oracle databases supporting company's suite of applications to conduct data analytics and BI projects • Prepared and presented test status reports used for weekly project meetings and coordination with cross-functional teams • Interviewed, Reviewed, Gathered and Validated requirements with all pre-requisites required to elicit artifacts • Presented reports for various end-users arising due to transition from a legacy EHR system to EPIC • Performed GAP analysis, cost-benefit analysis, and feasibility analysis within triple constraints • Instilled and contributed to AS-IS and To-Be Process Modeling Sessions, and installed process models see less","Boston, Massachusetts, United States","https://www.linkedin.com/company/boston-university","boston-university",,,"Boston University - Metropolitan College","Teaching Assistant","Jul 2019","Dec 2019","Program - Master of Science in Computer Information Systems | Course – IT Project Management • Drafted and created course material, syllabus, assignments, and assessments • Monitored students with project work and assignments in lab, via emails and one-to-one meetings see less","Boston, Massachusetts, United States","https://www.linkedin.com/company/boston-university---metropolitan-college","boston-university---metropolitan-college",,,"Boston University - Metropolitan College","Teaching Assistant","Jan 2019","May 2019","Program - Master of Science in Computer Information Systems | Course – Database Design & Implementation for Business • Co-ordinated 3.5 hours labs for each cohort (44 students each) and taught SQL techniques to solve real-world problems • Graded and solved queries for doubt sessions for two sections (44 students each) deploying ERD techniques see less","Boston, Massachusetts, United States","https://www.linkedin.com/company/boston-university---metropolitan-college","boston-university---metropolitan-college",,,"Zensar Technologies","Business Analyst","Sep 2016","Jul 2018","• Utilized Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Waterfall to configure and develop process, standards procedures. • Identified key relationships, conducted brainstorming session with various levels within provide bi-weekly presentations to gain adoption of the fit/gap analysis. • Involved in defining the scope of the project, gathering business requirements and documenting and managing them using Rational rose and Rational Requisite Pro respectively. • Managed Change Request process and performed Impact Analysis for several changes. • Responsible for writing Functional Requirement Specifications FRS and User Requirement Specification URS. • Designed and developed Use Cases, Activity Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams using MS Visio. • Used Test Director Application for automated testing. Coordinated with the test team to check the weekly status and report the same. • Liaising between developers and business people making sure there is understanding in the end result and no clash between the stake holders. • Performed GAP analysis, cost-benefit analysis and feasibility analysis within the triple constraints. • Took part in QA activities by writing the Test Plan followed by Test Scenarios and Test Cases for the User Acceptance Testing UAT on JIRA. • Ability to work both independently and in cross-functional team environments manages and prioritizes multiple projects, quick learner. • Facilitated the weekly meetings with the review teams to continuously improve the QA process for the application development. • Performs quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating on-time, on-budget and acclaimed “go-live” of enterprise implementations. • Used Crystal Reports application for better delivery of reports.","India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Zensar%20Technologies",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Boston University - Metropolitan College","Master of Science - MS","Computer and Information Systems Security/Information Assurance","3.43","2018","2020","","Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya","Bachelor of Engineering - BE","Electronics and Communication Engineering","8.78","2013","2017","","South Indian Cultural Association Sr.Sec School","Secondary Education","","","2005","2012","","""SQL : 5, Microsoft Project : 4, Business Analysis : 2, Project Management : 1, Program Management : 1, Research : 0, Strategic Planning : 0, Machine Learning : 0, Business Intelligence (BI) : 0, Data Science : 0, Reporting & Analysis : 0, Scrum : 0, Agile : 0, Change Management : 0, Business Process : 0, Data Visualization : 0, Data Analysis : 0, Python (Programming Language) : 1, Microsoft Office : 1, Windows : 0, REST API : 0, Microsoft Excel : 0, Microsoft Word : 0, Microsoft PowerPoint : 0, Tableau : 0, Team Building : 1, Team Management : 1, Customer Service : 0, Management : 0, Public Speaking : 0, Teamwork : 0, Communication : 0, Training : 0, Leadership : 0, Problem Solving : 0, Interpersonal Skills : 0, Organization Skills : 0, Decision-Making : 0, Computer Information Systems : 0, ""","1611",2,,"Information Technology & Services",2,"Sam K and 8 others","Sam K","8 Others","Infosys; Cisco; Dell; Accenture; Intel Corporation; The Walt Disney Company"
