"adwait-telang","Adwait Telang",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/adwait-telang/","Adwait","Telang","Mechanical Engineer at Aria Energy","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D03AQHsP9kpWVPiCA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=LKgH4GGWAGYCcgquxE6OAtms0wJ-K5gkMASO_x4-0y4","Rochester, New York Area",,"August 10","I started building my career in mechanical engineering with a focus on design and manufacturing. The constant quest of relating basics has helped me gain the experience with view of its application. A month-long training at Thermax Limited, a power generation company, was immensely valuable, where I applied thermodynamic, design and manufacturing principles, acquired in the classroom and I was able to assist in manufacturing process in the fabrication shop.   As part of my project internship for one year at Gabriel Ltd, my work was instrumental in fatigue predication of the rubber components for the analysis and simulation of the elastomeric strut mounts. The project involved analyzing data through simulations and validation of the results. These results lead to an improved design of the strut. Our project team published a white paper on project completion.  I have been involved in designing of various small robots in SnappyXO at Stony Brook University that gave me hands on experience in designing in 3D, CAD Software, Laser Printing for product design. My interest for Internal Combustion Engines lead me do research on Analysis on Heat Transfer Correlations for conventional combustion modes and low temperature combustion modes at the Engine Combustion Laboratory in the Advanced Energy Research and Technology Center.   SKILLS Software: Autodesk Inventor| CATIA V5 | Hypermesh 16 | ANSYS | SOLIDWORKS | AutoCAD | Fusion360 | PTC Creo | Pro-Engineer | Basics of Primavera P6 and MicroStation",,,,,,,,,,,,,,"https://sites.google.com/view/adwaittelang-careerportfolio/home",,,"Aria Energy","Mechanical Engineer","Nov 2018","PRESENT","o Designing process and instrumentation diagrams of LFGTE & High BTU/RNG plants using AutoCAD o 3D Modelling of RNG plants in Solidworks using routing. o Reviewing all the external equipment drawings and providing inputs for design changes for better performance. o Revising accurate detailed PID drawings, creating BOMs and data management of all the projects. o Analyzing and planning the workflow, design layout of the equipment and workspace for maximum efficiency for RNG and LFGTE power plants. o Developing, evaluating and improving gas processing methods by modifying the processes to improve safety, product quality and reduce costs. o Performing design calculations, prepare equipment specifications, solicit bids from equipment suppliers & assist in procurement of mechanical equipment & instrumentation. o Conducting process and production failure investigations and implement corrective actions. o Working closely with the operations personnel at the gas processing plants to troubleshoot issues & develop gas process maintenance practices. o Providing engineering support to operations department for LFGTE, RNG and Electricity Generation power plants in design and maintenance areas. o Proper interpretation by reviewing the design specifications and the drawings and preparation of project specifications. o Reviewing drawings of other disciplines and providing design inputs for process improvement, reliability and safety. see less","Oakfield, New York","https://www.linkedin.com/company/aria-energy","aria-energy",,,"Gabriel India Limited","Research And Development Intern","Aug 2015","Jun 2016","o Design and assembly of the entire strut mount which included upper & lower brackets, insulator plate, rubber and bearing cup o Performing stress, failure analysis and FEA of rubber components in a Macpherson strut for loads higher than the initial load specification. o Observations of rubber deterioration in the strut mount assembly after performing Vehicle tests in running condition o Choosing an appropriate constitutive rubber model for the strut mount and resolving the test failure issues by performing design improvements which are guided by simulations. o Meshing of the new model using Hypermesh and selecting the appropriate model. o Design modifications and FEA done using ANSYS for observing the stress concentration in the existing strut mount to check for higher loads. o Designed a new model of the elastomeric strut using CATIA and presented to leadership for further testing. o Validation of the new model by performing Vehicle testing for failure analysis. o Achieved a decrease in the magnitude of the stresses by 10% on the new design of the rubber component thus overcoming the deterioration in the old rubber component see less","Pune","https://www.linkedin.com/company/gabriel-india-limited","gabriel-india-limited",,,"Thermax Limited","Internship","Jun 2015","Jul 2015","• Training at Thermax Limited on design and manufacturing of boilers like atmospheric and circulating combustion fluidized bed boilers and machines like the Juraisti Machine. • Hands on training on design processes, planning, manufacturing stages including different welding process. • Assisted in various design and manufacturing processes involving TIG welding in fabrication shop see less","Pune","https://www.linkedin.com/company/thermaxlimited","thermaxlimited",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Stony Brook University","Master of Science - MS","Mechanical Engineering","3.5","2017","2018","","Savitribai Phule Pune University","Bachelor's degree","Mechanical Engineering","","2012","2016","",,,,,,,,"""Matlab : 8, Computer-Aided Design (CAD) : 7, CATIA : 8, SolidWorks : 3, Microsoft Office : 9, ANSYS : 7, Microsoft PowerPoint : 6, LaTeX : 5, C++ : 5, Autodesk Inventor : 5, Microsoft Excel : 4, Microsoft Word : 4, MicroStation : 0, Customer Service : 5, Public Speaking : 6, Leadership : 5, Laser Cutting : 5, Project Management Software : 0, ""","",2,,"Mechanical Or Industrial Engineering",1,"Prathamesh Kalaskar","Prathamesh Kalaskar",,"Justin Trudeau; GE; Ford Motor Company; Jeff Weiner; Volvo Group; Bill Gates"
