"sudhanshu-sengaonkar-81aa3579","Sudhanshu Sengaonkar",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/sudhanshu-sengaonkar-81aa3579/","Sudhanshu","Sengaonkar","Actively Seeking full time/contract roles as a Mechanical Engineer. Available immediately.","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQHV8heL4pScbA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=gZnu4mQe5H_7osfc1anmMvUpeEhTOoSIRNwjFhjkM9M","Rochester, New York",,,"Analytical and goal-focused professional, seeking challenging roles as a Mechanical engineer that will fully utilize knowledge and expertise acquired from education as well as previous internship experience and training. Strong experience of 2D/3D part modelling/assembly using SolidWorks and Catia V5. Proficient with the use of MATLAB for mathematical/mechanical modelling. Known for unparalleled work ethic and strong capacity to manage and accomplish mechanical engineering projects combined with solid knowledge of mathematical and fundamentals of engineering design principles. Available for full time/ contract roles starting immediately. Contact me over LinkedIn or via email at scs7304@rit.edu.",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Teaching Assistant","Jan 2019","May 2019","Assisting students with difficulties and grading assignments for the graduate course on Advanced mathematics.","Rochester, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Graduate Research Assistant","Jun 2017","Apr 2019","• Developed a 2D stochastic methodology and a computer model using MATLAB to assess response to the nonlinear seismic wave propagation through soil structure. • This model describes heterogeneous spatially distributed ground soil properties, based on a set of nonlinear constitutive equations. • Mathematical frame is presented by a coupled set of a nonlinear hyperbolic system of equations, with respect to three components of stress tensor and two components of velocity vector. Analytical expressions for relating eigenvalues and eigen functions are found using MATLAB symbolic toolbox. • Created a time marching methodology simulating a 2D seismic wave propagation to quantify seismic shaking effect on ground surface. • Accounted for multilayer linear elastic and nonlinear elasto-plastic soil properties. • Implemented Monte Carlo simulation for stochastic soil properties as well as a stochastic orientation of the oncoming seismic wavefront. • The results were presented in a form of function distribution to aid seismic hazard analysis to civil infrastructures. see less","","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Material science lab assistant","Jan 2018","May 2018","Conducted presentations and Material science lab for undergraduate students. Worked on the following 1) Guide the class on ASTM standard testing procedures used to characterize materials 2) Explaining the relationship between material properties and physical structure and the effect of mechanical and thermal treatments on metals. 3) Demonstrating material testing experiments such as hardness testing, tensile strength, phase transformations, crystal structure visualization 4) Explaining the material behavior at different temperatures and the effect on microstructure 5) Instructed on writing professional grade reports and providing timely feedback on the work. see less","Rochester, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Meritor","Gear technology- Intern","Jun 2018","Dec 2018","• Assisted the team on consolidating the approval letter database and presenting them using pivot tables in Microsoft excel in an organized manner. • Supported quality control team with identification of surface tempering on gears and working hands on with the process also called Nital Etching. Drafted standard work procedure for surface tempering and redesigned work instruction sheet for tool change offset procedure. Assisted the team on finding modern ways to tackle the grinding burn problem on gears. • Retrieved CAD files from database, performed meshing and structural analysis. Made use of Kimos a gear design software to generate the mesh for hypoid gears. Used Calyx for structural analysis of the gear and obtain the bending stress values. Compared the data with actual test data and created a plot for stress vs number of life cycles curve in Microsoft excel. Made use of MINITAB to get a regression fit for the curve. This would be used in the future to estimate product life for hypoid gears. • Assisted as a team member on reducing the flash material in cold forging. Compared turned, ground and polished bars with hot rolled bars to understand the effect of bar diameter and length on the weight of the product. • Worked with the manufacturing unit on an 8D project and studied root cause analysis, fish bone diagrams, 5 why analysis. Implemented the solutions plant wide to help improve the manufacturing efficiency. see less","Troy, Michigan","https://www.linkedin.com/company/meritor","meritor",,,"College Baja Team","Core Team Lead","May 2013","Feb 2014","• Hands on experience with design, manufacture, implementation and documentation of the braking subsystem. • Using mathematical calculations and concepts of physics, developed the braking system for the vehicle to achieve the goal of stopping the vehicle within 3 meters from an initial velocity on 45kmph. • Conducted market survey for components to be used in the braking system and selected the right items based on design of vehicle. • Theoretically designed an adapter plate, modeled in SolidWorks and fabricated to facilitate the mounting of caliper on the knuckle. • Hands on experience on machine tools like hand drill, hand grinder, welding, lathe machine, riveting, spray painting. see less","Pune Area, India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=College%20Baja%20Team",,,,"Unde Ancillaries and Tooling","Intern","Jun 2013","Jul 2013","• Intern for gear design review • Conducted error proofing using poka yoke for gears. • Hands on experience working with automated machines such as CNC lathe, broaching, Milling techniques","Aurangabad,India","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Unde%20Ancillaries%20and%20Tooling",,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Masters","Mechanical Engineering","3.29/4","2016","2019","Specializing in Design/Mechanics/Materials","University of Pune","Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)","Mechanical Engineering","63%","2012","2016","",,,,,,,,"""Matlab : 4, SolidWorks : 5, Microsoft PowerPoint : 2, Modeling : 0, 3D Modeling : 0, Product Design : 0, Simulink : 4, AutoCAD : 3, Microsoft Excel : 1, Microsoft Word : 1, Adobe Photoshop : 1, Computer Numerical Control (CNC) : 0, CATIA : 1, Simscape : 1, CAM : 0, ""","316",2,,"Higher Education",3,"Nupur Kulkarni, Tanvi Kulkarni","Nupur Kulkarni","Tanvi Kulkarni","Bill Gates; Satya Nadella; Meritor; Universal Instruments Corporation; Katya Andresen; Referral-Lets help each other"
