mark-boyle-recruiter,"Mark ""tony"" Boyle",,https://www.linkedin.com/in/mark-boyle-recruiter/,Mark,Boyle,Engineering Leadership Recruiter  at Facebook,"data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7","New York, New York",,,"Our mission at Facebook is to ""Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.""   Leadership is not about a title or a designation. It's about impact, influence and inspiration. Impact involves getting results, influence is about spreading the passion you have for your work, and to inspire team-mates, customers & users is true success. If you are interested in a new challenge, a challenge that you have never faced based simply on the level of scale (1+ billion users), please drop me a note. My goal is to hire the next generation of innovative and inspiring Engineering Leaders @Facebook/Instagram.   Certified in they AIRS Professional Recruiter Certification (PRC) Program. LinkedIn Certified Professional Recruiter.  You Can't Teach Ambition!!",,,,,,,,,,,,,,https://www.teksystems.com/en,,,Facebook,Engineering Leadership Recruiter,Oct-19,PRESENT,"The single biggest way to impact an organization is to focus on leadership development. There is almost no limit to the potential of an organization that recruits good people, raises them up as leaders and continually develops them.",,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Facebook,Technical Sourcer Instagram & Facebook,2019,PRESENT,I am currently supporting Boston/NYC/DC Engineering Office.,Greater New York City Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Facebook,Technical Sourcer Instagram & Facebook,Feb-19,PRESENT,"With the successful launch of our DC office, I am now working on a new strategy to grow our NYC Team. I am looking for passionate developers from all industries who are ready to take on new challenges and are looking for an opportunity to challenge themselves intellectually and technically, and grow their professional careers.  If you are problem solver and innovator and you are passionate about technology, Facebook is the place for you! see less",Greater New York City Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Facebook,Technical Sourcer,Jul-18,Jan-19,"Currently working on building our Washington, DC engineering office. We are looking for software engineers interested in building large scale systems and full stack applications.",Washington D.C. Metro Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,TEKsystems,Account Manager-  Investment Banking & Capital Markets,Dec-15,Jun-18,"TEKsystems is the largest IT Staffing and Services provider in North America - providing technology staffing services, managed, project-based and outsourced application and infrastructure services, education services and comprehensive workforce management solutions. Amidst a relatively low IT unemployment rate (typically less than half of traditional unemployment), our reach and proprietary processes are critical to finding and thoroughly screening quality talent. Through our vast referral-based network my team and I identify and recruit the top technology professionals in their fields, on boarding & managing them at our clients to ensure the successful and timely completion of each engagement. With an office portfolio of over 100 small, medium, and large sized businesses, my current portfolio consists of a few local clients based here New York City and the Jersey City. Although a dynamic role, the focal point as an Account Manager is maintaining and growing the partnerships within my current portfolio. Recruiter development, business development, and office leadership are also major concentrations.  Responsibilities: • Review, update and align IT workforce strategy with client IT and business goals • Identify IT project-based workforce needs for the short and long term • Evaluate existing Employee Value Proposition (EVP) to ensure clients can effectively attract and retain the top IT professionals, helping to combat the competitive market • Develop IT talent pipelines and strategies to ensure future needs are met in a timely manner • Analyze IT skill set employment rates, providing clients with actual and relative measures of local talent supply, something that is essential to realistic hiring goals in NYC and Jersey City • Build strong relationships with decision makers and managers by first understanding their frustrations and then presenting the appropriate IT service • Connect clients with other local contacts who have implemented similar technologies see less","New York, New York",https://www.linkedin.com/company/teksystems,teksystems,,,TEKsystems,Technical Division Lead Recruiter-Investment Banking & Capital Markets,May-15,Dec-15,"• Serving as TEKsystems New York's internal local market specialist regarding application technologies and business trends with the goal of improving our market's ability to deliver high quality application services and resources to our clients • Reporting to the Director of Business Operations and field leaders to ensure delivery success, proper alignment to local market needs and division/vertical goals. • Leading up to 3 recruiters at any given time, and accelerating their success and growth within the organization by ensuring alignment to fundamental recruitment methodologies • Responsible for the on-boarding, development and management of new division/vertical aligned recruiters. see less",Greater New York City Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/teksystems,teksystems,,,TEKsystems,Investment Banking & Capital Markets-Technical Recruiter,May-13,Dec-15,"• Develop recruiting strategies designed to identify qualified candidates through various recruiting tools • Match candidates’ strengths with clients’ requirements by evaluating, screening, and interviewing candidates. • Work with Account Managers to identify top accounts, target skill sets, key market segments, and assess clients’ staffing requirements. • Negotiate wages, terms and conditions of employment with candidates, and gain a commitment from candidates for current and future job requirements. • Maintain relationships with industry contacts to provide exemplary customer service, gain industry knowledge, and obtain referrals and sales leads. • Document daily recruitment activity. Sourcing resumes, conducting reference checks, coordinating interviews, creating interview preparation guides for candidates, tracking interview progression, eliciting interview feedback from hiring managers in a timely manner, closing employment offers, employee onboarding. • Build partnerships with 3rd Party Vendors to tap into all facets of the available talent pool including candidates requiring immigration assistance.  Recruitment Specialties: Big Data, Hadoop, Data Science, Business Intelligence, Reporting, Tableau, Data Analysis, Data Warehousing, .NET/C#, SQL Server, ASP.NET, JavaScript, MVC, AngularJS, ReactJS, SharePoint, NoSQL, Cloud, AWS, Azure, Java, C++, BA, PM","New York, New York",https://www.linkedin.com/company/teksystems,teksystems,,,Regis University,Master of Science - MS,Organizational Leadership,,2020,2022,"Organizational LeadershipMaster of ScienceLearn to lead in a global marketplace.  You’re a consensus builder and team leader. You are keen on recognizing opportunities, defining problems and implementing creative solutions. While we all possess the capacity for leadership, only those who cultivate it will become truly effective. At Regis, we’re developing the next generation of effective, ethical and socially responsible leaders.With rapid changes affecting many industries, companies are seeking people who can help their organizations not only respond but succeed. A graduate degree in organizational leadership hones your skills in critical thinking, communication, negotiation and problem solving. Learn how to work smarter with others and help cross-functional teams succeed. Assist companies – which greatly need strategic leaders – with navigating constantly shifting environments. Make a positive impact for not only them, but for society.",Marist College,Bachelor of Science,Business Administration; Marketing,,,PRESENT,School of Management- AACSB International Accreditation,Wadleigh High School,High School Diploma,Regents Diploma,,,PRESENT,,"""Leadership : 66, Management : 62, Recruiting : 54, Sales : 36, Marketing : 29, Research : 20, Social Media : 15, Strategic Communications : 12, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) : 9, Temporary Placement : 6, Strategy : 6, Analysis : 4, Human Resources : 4, Social Networking : 4, SDLC : 3, Technical Recruiting : 0, Contract Recruitment : 0, IT Recruitment : 0, Microsoft Excel : 37, Microsoft Word : 23, Microsoft Office : 8, Word : 3, Excell : 3, Customer Service : 28, Time Management : 17, Interviews : 11, Interviewing : 7, Training : 7, People Management : 4, Talent Management : 0, Sourcing : 0, FoxPro : 6, Foxpro : 2, Full-life Cycle Recruiting : 0, """,8728,2,,Information Technology & Services,1,Swati Balasubramanian,Swati Balasubramanian,,"LinkedIn; Credit Suisse; Mern Stack = [{ MongoDb, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NodeJS }];; Official Rotary Club International Group (Authenticated members only); eCornell Official Group; Verizon"
