"manauoeerit2020","Matthew Anauo",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/manauoeerit2020/","Matthew","Anauo","Electrical Engineer at Poseidon Systems","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQHAfjWfAG0RyA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=joIBesSd1u1LV0fcpu_BA1t24QRUuK40wkr6QMDUGog","Rochester, New York",,,"My fascination with electronics started with baseball.  When I was in elementary school playing youth baseball, I received a small pitching machine as a gift to practice with. I had a ton of fun with it, but eventually it began to malfunction and my father opened it up and attempted to repair it. Seeing the way that a mass of wires and circuit boards was able to create a machine like that sparked an interest in me that continues to this day.  Granted, being ten years old at the time I was not good at either baseball or electronics. I am still bad at baseball, but through high school and my undergraduate studies at Rochester Institute of Technology I have pursued my obsession with electrical engineering and gained experience both in the classroom, and in the workplace. I am interested in all aspects of the field, as the wide range of application areas and specializations is one of the things that attracted me to the discipline. I have experience with both analog and digital design and development, with a proven track record in research and development. I enjoy taking on personal projects as well as a way to continue to supplement my skills. Recently I have been exploring Raspberry Pi projects and Python programs, including a program I wrote to calculate and track statistics for a volleyball league I participate in.  In my current position as an Electrical Engineer with Poseidon Systems, I have been fortunate to work with a multidisciplinary team that supports my growth as an engineer and always provides new and interesting challenges to face. I focus on research and development, driving the design of new sensing products and improving the ways that existing technology can be leveraged.  My goal has always been to carry my passion for understanding electronics into a successful career. My experiences both at RIT and in the workplace have given me a strong skill-set in analog design, supporting software development, PCB layout, test design and implementation, data analysis, research and new product development, and collaborative problem-solving. If you would like to contact me feel free to reach out via email (mnanauo30@gmail.com).",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"Poseidon Systems","Electrical Engineer","May 2020","PRESENT","Drive electrical design and development focusing on the development of new sensing products, and improving methods to leverage existing products. Design tests and analyze data related to new technologies and developing products. Responsibilities include analog design, software design, PCB layout, research and development, and interfacing with customers. Work closely within a multidisciplinary team to meet and exceed both internal and customer expectations.","Rochester, New York, United States","https://www.linkedin.com/company/poseidon-systems","poseidon-systems",,,"Poseidon Systems","R&D Electrical Engineering Co-op","May 2019","May 2020","Lead research and development for the implementation of new sensors, as well as support and assist the hardware design and improvement of current products. Strong focus on research and development, testing, analog design, and layout design. Work with a multidisciplinary team of engineers to create solutions meeting internal and customer requirements.","Rochester, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/poseidon-systems","poseidon-systems",,,"USA Hockey","On-Ice Official","Aug 2012","PRESENT","Work as on-ice official in USA Hockey sanctioned youth hockey, as well as local adult leagues. Levels of youth hockey officiated range from U8 up to U14 travel (including work in boys, girls and mixed leagues). Job involves creating and maintaining a safe environment for young athletes, working closely with fellow officials, communicating with coaches and players, and at the younger levels acting as a teacher to young athletes. see less","","https://www.linkedin.com/company/usa-hockey","usa-hockey",,,"Anaren Inc.","RF Electrical Engineer","May 2018","Dec 2018","Work alongside and support a team of engineers to solve RF and electrical engineering design challenges. Responsible for aiding in design work and testing.","Syracuse, New York Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/anaren","anaren",,,"Diebold Nixdorf","Electrical Engineering Co-op, System Components Engineering","May 2017","Dec 2017","Work as an electrical engineering co-op at Diebold Nixdorf from May 2017 through December 2017, as part of the System Components Engineering division. Provide assistance and gain experience with design, testing, and analysis projects. Gain experience collaborating with a multidisciplinary team of engineers.","Canton, Ohio Area","https://www.linkedin.com/company/diebold","diebold",,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","NTID Student Note-taker","Jan 2016","May 2017","Capture the information presented and deliver it to the note-taking office for processing. Requires responsibility to avoid missing class notes, and reliability to deliver them on time with high quality.","Rochester, New York","https://www.linkedin.com/company/rochester-institute-of-technology","rochester-institute-of-technology",,,"Harrington's Greenhouse","Greenhouse Employee","May 2016","Aug 2016","I worked at a local greenhouse in my hometown during the summer of 2016. In this position I was responsible for maintaining and caring for a wide variety of plants, as well as assisting customers and maintaining the grounds.  This position gave me valuable experience interacting with customer's. My boss was a hands-off style manager, so I learned to work independently and learn from my coworkers quickly. see less","Elba, New York","https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=Harrington's%20Greenhouse",,,,"Rochester Institute of Technology","Bachelor of Science (B.S.)","Electrical and Electronics Engineering","3.81/4.00","2015","2020","Pursuing a Bachelor of Science degree in the field of Electrical Engineering. Expected to be completed May 2020.",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"""C : 3, Embedded C : 0, Verilog : 0, Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) : 3, Testing : 0, Microsoft Office : 4, Matlab : 3, Assembly Language : 0, VHDL : 0, Quartus : 3, AutoCAD : 0, Customer Service : 3, Public Speaking : 3, Teamwork : 0, Altera : 3, OrCAD : 2, PADS : 2, Oscilloscope : 0, Power Meters : 0, ""","573",2,,"Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing",2,"Aaron Deever and 4 others","Aaron Deever","4 Others","USA Hockey; Diebold Nixdorf; Poseidon Systems; TED Conferences; Rochester Institute of Technology"
