richardkimsf,Richard Kim,,https://www.linkedin.com/in/richardkimsf/,Richard,Kim,Technical Recruiter at Facebook,https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQEnpXKEqQlvXw/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=ep_BgHXQZKubEYeuFl9P-K9FBsfZWGr4qVACAxmGGAE,San Francisco Bay Area,,Dec-22,"The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, founded by Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan in December 2015, is a new kind of philanthropic organization that brings together world-class engineering, grant-making, impact investing, policy, and advocacy work. Our initial areas of focus include supporting science through basic biomedical research and education through personalized learning. We are also exploring other issues tied to the promotion of equal opportunity including access to affordable housing and criminal justice reform.  We look for bold ideas — regardless of structure and stage — and help them scale by pairing world-class engineers with subject matter experts to build tools that accelerate the pace of social progress. We make long-term investments because important breakthroughs often take decades, or even centuries.  We engage directly in the communities we serve because no one understands our society’s challenges like those who live them every day. These partners help us identify problems and opportunities, learn fast, and iterate toward our goals for the next century. We strive to be lifelong learners who work collaboratively across functions in service of our mission.",Richard_Kim_SF,,,,,,,,,,,,,http://richardkimsf.tumblr.com/,,,Facebook,Technical Recruiter,Oct-18,PRESENT,,,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Chan Zuckerberg Initiative,Recruiting Manager,Sep-17,Oct-18,Advancing human potential and promoting equal opportunity.,San Francisco Bay Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/chan-zuckerberg-initiative,chan-zuckerberg-initiative,,,Facebook,Lead Recruiter - Product & Engineering,Jun-13,Sep-17,"Managed tech recruiting teams between 5-18 people across product, swe, and m&a over the course of my career at FB.","Menlo Park, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Storm8,Technical Recruiter,Aug-11,Jun-13,"Storm8 is a leading mobile social gaming company based in Redwood Shores, CA. Not only are they a pioneer in the mobile gaming industry with hit titles such as World War, iMobster, Restaurant Story, Fashion Story, and Bubble Mania, but they're also completely self-funded and profitable.  Storm8 was founded and completely boot-strapped by three former Facebook engineers who shared a vision and jumped at an amazing opportunity to create high quality games for moible devices. In 2009 Storm8 was born and they have not looked back ever since.  I was the first technical recruiter hired at Storm8 reporting directly to their CEO, and spearheading their internal engineering recruiting efforts. During my tenure I helped scale the organization from 44 people to over 250 by the time I left, quadrupled their engineering team by hiring 30+ engineers (software eng generalist, iOS/Android engineers, graphics engineers, ui engineers, data engineers), led the creation of Storm8's college recruiting/internship program, and also helped staff various non-engineering roles including product managers, designers, and recruiters/sourcers. see less","Redwood Shores, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/storm8,storm8,,,Macys.com,Technical Recruiter - Talent Acquisition,Apr-10,Aug-11,"Macys.com is looking for talented individuals that can help create a robust e-commerce environment for one of the most reputable brands in America. During my tenure I successfully hired for multiple positions including Java Developers, QA Engineers, Tech Leads, QA Managers, Release Managers, and more. There is a tremendous opportunity for personal growth and career development as they've hired over 500 people in the last five years and are looking to double in size by 2014. You can check them out here:  http://ecommerce.macysjobs.com/ see less",San Francisco Bay Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/macy,macy,,,Golden Gate University School of Law,Law Student,Aug-09,May-10,"I took time off my professional career to pursue a Juris Doctorate at Golden Gate University School of Law. During my first year I met the love of my life, realized I didn't want to be a lawyer, got an amazing opportunity to help build Macys.com, and the rest is history. :)",,https://www.linkedin.com/company/ggulaw,ggulaw,,,Rearden Commerce,Technical Recruiter,Nov-07,Jul-09,"Rearden Commerce provides the ultimate personal productivity tool: an innovative on-demand personal assistant that simplifies life, helping people quickly find the services and goods they need based on what they like, where they are, and what they are doing. The Rearden Personal Assistant is based on the Rearden Commerce Platform, which connects users instantly with the world’s largest ecosystem of more than 137,000 trusted merchants and third-party applications providers.  Read about it here: http://www.reardencommerce.com/news/  I worked here as a Technical Recruiter and helped build the organization from 125 employees to over 350 during my tenure. I placed Sr. Java Developers, front-end developers, User Experience Designers, Release Managers, Product Managers, and more. see less",,https://www.linkedin.com/company/deeminc,deeminc,,,"University of California, Santa Barbara",Double Major (BA),Sociology and Asian-American Studies,,,PRESENT,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"""Talent Acquisition : 95, Sourcing : 66, Technical Recruiting : 63, College Recruiting : 58, Social Media : 20, Data Analysis : 8, Recruiting : 3, Hiring : 3, Recruitment/Retention : 2, Internet Recruiting : 2, Executive Search : 2, Human Resources : 2, Company Branding : 1, Staffing Services : 1, Temporary Placement : 0, SDLC : 0, Consulting : 0, Strategy : 0, Mobile Devices : 0, Corporate Branding : 0, Applicant Tracking Systems : 1, Java : 0, Team Building : 23, Building Relationships : 19, Team Leadership : 15, Teamwork : 10, Management : 2, Mentoring : 1, Search : 0, Interviewing : 0, Interviews : 0, Talent Management : 0, Staff Retention : 8, Full-cycle Recruiting : 3, Culture Building : 1, Organizational Culture : 0, Boolean Searching : 0, Networking : 0, Thinking Outside The Box : 16, Passion for Helping Others : 3, Eating : 1, Serving Others : 1, """,,2,,Philanthropy,1,Mohammed Daaniyaal,Mohammed Daaniyaal,,Amazon; Blacks In Technology; Santa Clara County Network; Google; Harvard Business Review; Tony Robbins
