"adnanhashmi1985","Adnan Hashmi",,"https://www.linkedin.com/in/adnanhashmi1985/","Adnan","Hashmi","Business Analyst","https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D03AQFR1iLloWLumg/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=Pwa1KUM7_DqmlsT1dQkEkyzsQpVcyiesx_mP6sUQtEA","United States",,"April 17","I love data. I am a curious problem solver and i can make your data tell a story.  Key Skills: Qlik Sense Desktop, Tableau, SQL, Python, R,  Apache Spark, Microsoft Azure ML, Monte Carlo Simulation, Forecasting, MS Excel 2016, Analytical Solver Platform for Microsoft Excel 2016. • Database: Microsoft SQL server • Platforms/Software/Tools: Qlik Sense Desktop, Tableau, MySQL, Microsoft Azure ML, Apache Spark, Google Analytics, Anaconda • Languages: SQL,Python, R • Operating System: Windows, MacOS",,,,,,,,,,,,,,"http://www.dermazone.net","http://www.facebook.com/adnan.hashmi1985",,"IRONBO, INC.","Business Intelligence Analyst","May 2019","PRESENT","-Working closely with project management team to update project milestones and perform progressive and complicated billing of all the major telecom clients with accuracy in a fast-paced environment. -Creating multiple views and dashboards in Airtable to keep up with the financial milestones for multiple projects. -Working on a new SRM system Fieldclix to manage daily reporting/financial/administrative and HR modules related to multiple projects and simplifying the transformation to the new enterprise architecture. -Creating visualizations for all accounting and financial reports for the management on weekly and monthly basis using Tableau and Qlik sense. -Analyzing the accuracy of the data transformation and helping the team members to make use of the data to keep up with the KPI’s. see less","Northvale, NJ","https://www.linkedin.com/company/ironbo-inc.","ironbo-inc.",,,"Brissett & Associates, Inc.","Business Intelligence Analyst","Jul 2018","May 2019","-Conducted analysis of large data set with limited guidance. -Used excel and SQL to produce analyses around company and customer performance. -Performed industry research and analysis to inform key business decisions. -Supported all recommendations and conclusions with substantial research and data.","Hackensack, NJ","https://www.linkedin.com/company/brissett-&-associates-inc-","brissett-&-associates-inc-",,,"AT&T","Retail Sales Specialist","Dec 2016","Jul 2018","-Services existing accounts, obtains orders, and establishes new account by planning and organizing daily work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets and other trade factors. -Keeps management informed by submitting daily KPI’s achievements,weekly sales reports and montly and annually territory analysis. -Assisting AT&T customers, follow and achieve department’s sales goals on a monthly basis. -Following KPI’s for the sales process and meeting sales targets under pressure successfully. see less","Northvale, NJ","https://www.linkedin.com/company/att","att",,,"Grace Innovation","Social Media Analyst","Jan 2017","Jan 2018","-Research and administer social media tools on a daily basis in support of clients’ social media strategy -Monitor and evaluate social media results on a daily basis in coordination with client goals and benchmarks -Communication to team and management on project development, timelines, and results -Market and present web/digital strategies to diverse audiences, manage multiple projects and maintain schedules and budgets. -Provides project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends. -Support SEO strategies by understanding keyword priorities and how they integrate into content marketing plans -Build and nurture social media platform-specific communities and audiences see less","West Nyack, NY","https://www.linkedin.com/company/grace-innovation","grace-innovation",,,"Dermazone","Marketing Analyst","Apr 2013","Sep 2016","-Create, deliver, edit, and optimize marketing materials. -Markets products by developing and implementing marketing and advertising campaigns; tracking sales data; maintaining promotional materials inventory; planning meetings and trade shows; maintaining databases; preparing reports. -Use the marketing expertise to help develop and execute brand awareness programs that will increase demand and drive revenue. -Work with manager and business units to determine event budget and manage expenses to that budget. -Tracks product line sales and costs by analyzing and entering sales, expense, and new business data. -Keeps promotional materials ready by coordinating requirements with graphics department; inventorying stock; placing orders; verifying receipt. -Supports sales staff by providing sales data, market trends, forecasts, account analyses, new product information; relaying customer services requests. -Researches competitive products by identifying and evaluating product characteristics, market share, pricing, and advertising; maintaining research databases. -Plans meetings and trade shows by identifying, assembling, and coordinating requirements; establishing contacts; developing schedules and assignments; coordinating mailing lists. -Monitors budgets by comparing and analyzing actual results with plans and forecasts. -Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. see less","Riyadh, Saudi Arabia","https://www.linkedin.com/company/dermazone","dermazone",,,"Dermazone","Executive Assistant To Chief Executive Officer","May 2011","Apr 2013","-Performed heavy calendar management including scheduling of meetings and appointments. -Coordinated local and international travel arrangements and hotel reservations, -Successfully arranged and represented Dermazone for international exhibitions including Dubai Derma(UAE), IMCAS(Paris) and AAD (American academy of dermatology-San Francisco). -Developing presentations, reports, letters and spreadsheets and maintaining an organized filing system. -Coordinated with freight forwarders and factories to make sure product ships on time economically. -Keeping track of all shipments from import in internal logs and coordinated with local piers for pickup of containers. -New product registrations with SFDA guidelines with all the required paperwork.","Riyadh, Saudi Arabia","https://www.linkedin.com/company/dermazone","dermazone",,,,,,,,,,,,,"Montclair State University","Master of Science - MS","Business Analytics","","2017","2020","This Specialization provides an introduction to big data analytics for all business professionals, including those with no prior analytics experience. I have learnt how data analysts describe, predict, and inform business decisions in the specific areas of marketing, human resources, finance, and operations, develop basic data literacy and an analytic mindset that will help in making strategic decisions based on data. In the final Capstone Project, I applied all the skills that i have learnt throughout this program to help finding trends in New York surrounding sparkling water based on thousand of tweets from Twitter.","COMSATS University","Master in Business Administration","Finance","","2005","2008","","University of the Punjab","Bachelor in Commerce - BCom","Accounting and Finance","","2003","2005","","""Data Analysis : 2, Reporting & Analysis : 0, Data Visualization : 0, Analytical Skills : 6, Business Analysis : 5, Vendor Management : 4, Project Management : 5, Business Development : 2, Customer Satisfaction : 1, Strategic Planning : 0, Business Process Improvement : 0, Trend Forecasting : 0, Pivot Tables : 0, Data Mining : 0, Social Media Marketing : 0, Financial Analysis : 0, Financial Reporting : 0, Business Intelligence (BI) : 0, Social Media : 0, Business Analytics : 0, Microsoft Office : 6, Databases : 5, Microsoft Excel : 0, Microsoft Outlook : 0, Tableau : 0, Python : 0, Scala : 0, Microsoft Azure Machine Learning : 0, SQL : 0, R : 0, Microsoft PowerPoint : 0, Microsoft Word : 0, Management : 31, Team Management : 28, Teamwork : 11, Team Leadership : 20, Team Building : 4, Cross-functional Team Leadership : 0, Leadership : 2, Presentation Skills : 0, Public Speaking : 0, Time Management : 5, English : 1, Apache Spark : 0, Big Data Analytics : 0, Qlik Sense : 0, Dashboard : 0, Accounting System : 0, Marketing Analytics : 0, Planning Budgeting & Forecasting : 0, ""","6628",2,,"Telecommunications",2,"Samarth Vyas MBA, BE and Varun Bablani","Samarth Vyas","Be Varun Bablani","Satya Nadella; Microsoft; Analytics and Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Marketing and Retail; J.P. Morgan; EY; Gary Vaynerchuk"
