laning,Lani Ng,,https://www.linkedin.com/in/laning/,Lani,Ng,University Recruiter at Facebook,https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQFtYKD0J23L6Q/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=g7O2jhxkq3BE9Z4b55lZVjaTcXlREBynlKYGDP9e7TQ,"San Jose, California",,,"I am a graduate from the University of San Diego, with a Bachelor's in Business Administration in Marketing with a minor in Biology.",lani_ng,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Facebook,University Recruiter,Oct-18,PRESENT,,"Menlo Park, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Adobe,"Talent Partner, Adobe Customer Solutions",May-18,Sep-18,,"San Jose, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/adobe,adobe,,,Adobe,University Talent Partner,Aug-16,May-18,"-Full cycle recruiter for university full time and intern talent across Adobe's Worldwide Field Operations (WWFO) organization. Led go-to-market strategy and execution for recruitment across multiple levels, ranging from undergraduate, masters, and MBAs.  -Built and scaled recruiting strategy for Adobe WWFO's largest university programs including Adobe Sales Academy and Digital Strategy Group.  -Hosts interview super days, travels to campuses, manages internal stakeholders, and prioritizes candidate experience.  -Works with ecosystem of talent coordinators and talent scouts to drive recruitment process and achieve hiring goals.  -Partners with business to increase diversity amongst university and intern hiring. Attended National Sales Network conferences, Management Leadership for Tomorrow events, and recruits from Jopwell and HBCUs. see less","San Jose, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/adobe,adobe,,,Adobe,University Talent Scout,Aug-15,Aug-16,"Adobe is Changing the World Through Digital Experiences!  The company's award-winning technologies and software have redefined business, entertainment and personal communications by setting new standards for producing and delivering content that engages people anywhere at anytime.  University Talent Scout responsibilities include:  • source for active and passive University talent for Finance, People Resources, Sales, Data Science, and Engineering positions • travel to university career fairs across the US to meet with students and share Adobe’s internship and full time opportunities • utilize LinkedIn to identify top talent • perform video and phone interviews to screen candidates see less","San Jose, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/adobe,adobe,,,University of San Diego,Resident Assistant,Aug-14,May-15,"Manage housing affairs, offer academic and personal counseling and organize programming for USD student residents.","San Diego, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/university-of-san-diego,university-of-san-diego,,,Experien Group,Intern,May-12,Aug-13,"Paid summer internship at Experien Group LLC. Duties included: •Organized office schedule, client meetings, and staff meetings using Outlook calendar and office planner •Collaborated with finance department by organizing client invoices •Greeted clients and guests upon arrival to office •Gained insight into the medical device industry and FDA device approval processes •Supported clinical data management department by reviewing incoming clinical case reports and performed data entry  References: Serena Brewster (Director of Finance) and Darlene Crockett-Billig (President) see less","Sunnyvale, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/experien-group,experien-group,,,Nordstrom,Fashion Board Intern,May-09,Aug-11,"The Nordstrom Fashion Board is an organization for high school students who wish to gain insight into the world of fashion, style, and retail. As a Nordstrom fashion board member, I participated in fashion workshops, shows, and projects. I also worked as a seasonal cashier and stocker in various departments.","San Jose, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/nordstrom,nordstrom,,,University of San Diego,Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA),Marketing,,2011,2015,,"St. Clare's, Oxford",,Marketing & Business,,2012,2012,"I spent 14 weeks studying in Oxford, England at St. Clare's International College. There, I studied marketing, accounting, management, and business ethics. Course sizes ranged from 2 people to 12 people, providing tailored curriculum and one-to-one learning. In addition to coursework, I had the privilege of traveling to other countries throughout Europe including France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Scotland, and Ireland. Through my experience abroad, I have gained a more global perspective on both business and life.To view my travel photography blog, please visit: hiilaning.tumblr.com",Archbishop Mitty High School,,,,2008,2011,,"""Customer Service : 11, Social Networking : 10, Microsoft Office : 10, Advertising : 4, Fashion : 4, Event Planning : 2, Social Media : 2, Medical Devices : 1, Recruiting : 1, Marketing : 1, Facebook : 8, PowerPoint : 4, Microsoft Word : 3, Microsoft Excel : 2, Teamwork : 4, Public Speaking : 4, Leadership : 3, Time Management : 2, Organizational Leadership : 0, """,1486,2,,Staffing & Recruiting,1,Brianna Kirkpatrick,Brianna Kirkpatrick,,JT O'Donnell; Arianna Huffington; Tony Robbins; Naomi Simson; IBM; Johnson & Johnson
