allistewart,Alli Stewart,,https://www.linkedin.com/in/allistewart/,Alli,Stewart,Technical Recruiter at Facebook Reality Labs,https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D03AQHelxIVOCOdfA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=c2VVi0zl2w57lC8dwKvzpVWWl8JPpmMcLiVlTbbOrQ0,"Seattle, Washington",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Facebook,"Technical Recruiter, Facebook Reality Labs",Jan-18,PRESENT,,"Seattle, Washington",https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Amazon,Technical Recruiter - Amazon Prime Now,Sep-14,Jan-18,,Greater Seattle Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazon,amazon,,,Google,Technical Sourcer,Oct-13,Jun-14,"- Responsible for sourcing, screening, qualifying, pipelining, and retaining passive Software Engineer candidates. - Utilized networking, cold calling, referrals, and LinkedIn Recruiter/GitHub/Social Media/Boolean Internet searching to engage prospects. - Leveraged knowledge of Google product areas, hiring needs, and role requirements to quickly fill job reqs. and appropriately stay in touch with passive candidates. - Worked directly with Google engineers to engage and recruit passive referrals. Maintained a 100% referrer satisfaction score in Q1 2014 and Q2 2014. - Teamed up with Recruiters and Recruiting Coordinators to create an excellent interview experience. - On contract through Nelson Staffing see less","Austin, TX",https://www.linkedin.com/company/google,google,,,QuickGifts,Account Executive,Aug-12,Oct-13,"- Provided eCommerce solutions to local-regional businesses, focusing on marketing their existing gift card programs online via their website, social media, and digital marketing campaigns. - Responsible for full sales cycle - lead generation to close - and account management post sale for Connecticut, Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia. - Quickly established a presence as a top performer. In just three months, acquired three of the ten highest performing clients of 2012 as a whole. Achieved the highest gross sales and revenue among peer group, as well as the highest percentage of active clients utilizing QuickGifts’ solution. - Piloted a campaign to gain physical distribution for clients in Sam’s Clubs nation-wide. - Integral part in building the sales team. Conducted interviews and served as a mentor for incoming training classes in 2013 see less","Austin, Texas Area",https://www.linkedin.com/company/quickgifts,quickgifts,,,Google,"Google Commerce, Inside Sales Representative",Aug-11,Aug-12,"- Worked at Google as part of a dynamic start-up within one of the world's most recognizable companies. - Introduced and signed SMBs to Google Commerce products, specifically working with Google Offers. - Successfully managed a pipeline of 150-250 clients, across diverse verticals nationwide. - Utilized Salesforce to build and maintain pipeline, and track progress in the sales cycle. - Created tailored online marketing campaigns to reach, acquire and retain new business utilizing Google products (Google Offers, Offers Near You, Google+ and Loyalty Rewards), that met the specific needs of each client. - Proven ability to meet and exceed quota. - Net and gross revenue of deals closed ranked among the top 10% compared to peers. - Identified trends in Offers approvals and sales to build a strong pipeline of businesses to feature. - Proven ability to keep up with and utilize Google’s ever changing products, features and technologies to improve both personal performance and clients’ Google experience. - Consulted clients on related Google products and features such as Google Places, Adwords, TalkBin etc. in order to enhance Offer performance. see less","Google, Austin TX",https://www.linkedin.com/company/google,google,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Southern Methodist University,Bachelor of Arts (BA),Markets and Culture,,2008,2011,"Graduated a year early. The Markets and Culture degree is relatively new to SMU. It combines all of the best aspects of International Business studies with a sociological perspective. This unique blend of studies allows students to explore the changing needs of business in a global economy, in respect to how global businesses are structured and how they can be managed more efficiently, as well as the cultural implications of global consumerism.",Franklin University Switzerland,,Semester Abroad,,2011,2011,"Spring 2011 - Studied in Lugano, Switzerland and participated in an academic travel program in London that focused on International Business and Marketing, as well as the culture and history of one the the world's greatest cities.",,,,,,,,"""Salesforce.com : 30, Sales : 23, Lead Generation : 22, Cold Calling : 21, Business Development : 17, Marketing : 10, E-commerce : 8, Online Advertising : 7, Online Marketing : 6, Advertising : 4, Sales Operations : 4, Recruiting : 3, Technical Recruiting : 3, Executive Search : 0, IT Recruitment : 0, Microsoft Office : 7, Google Docs : 6, Sourcing : 1, Boolean Searching : 0, Boolean Logic : 0, """,,2,,Staffing & Recruiting,1,Debbie Ogle,Debbie Ogle,,Amazon AWS Architects Engineers Developers Consultants Entrepreneurs Experts Web Services Cloud; Agile Seattle; Amazon; Facebook; Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) ▶️; Microsoft
