erin-johnson-76309120,Erin Johnson,,https://www.linkedin.com/in/erin-johnson-76309120/,Erin,Johnson,University Recruiter at Facebook,https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQE9RdkK_UhFtg/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=MxMMXxGCzubI8keEcDWc09AuMD6n3Vc4HfT4Qdbsn28,Greater Seattle Area,,Jun-20,"Enthusiastic about recruiting and connecting people with amazing opportunities!  Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Join Facebook and our growing family of apps/services (e.g. Instagram, Oculus, WhatsApp). We're moving fast, making an impact, and just getting started. Learn more at www.facebook.com/careers",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Facebook,"University Recruiter, Analytics",Nov-19,PRESENT,Focusing on analytics,Greater Seattle Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Dropbox,Senior Technical Sourcer/Recruiter,Mar-19,Nov-19,"Helping to find and hire the best engineering talent for Seattle, and continue to grow out our office with amazing folks!","Seattle, Washington",https://www.linkedin.com/company/dropbox,dropbox,,,Dropbox,Technical Sourcer,Apr-17,Mar-19,Working within our software engineering divisions and hiring some amazing folks to help build out our Seattle site!,Greater Seattle Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/dropbox,dropbox,,,Google,University Recruiter,Aug-15,Apr-17,"Full life cycle University Recruiter (focusing on bachelors up to PH.D candidates, niche roles and diversity (internships and new grad.)","Sunnyvale, CA & Kirkland, WA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/google,google,,,Oxford Global Resources,Technical Recruiter,Aug-14,Aug-15,"Oxford is a talent-driven consulting firm providing individual consultants, project teams, and strategic outsourcing services to clients in a wide range of industries. We leverage our recruiting expertise to deliver high-end consulting services for engagements in select information technology and engineering disciplines. Founded in 1984, Oxford combines international reach with local depth, serving our clients with approximately 500 full time employees through an integrated network of over 20 offices in North America and Europe. Oxford is a wholly-owned subsidiary of On-Assignment, a diversified specialty staffing firm headquartered in Calabasas, CA. Visit our website at www.oxfordcorp.com.  We focus on providing a high-end service for our clients and consultants. We work with experienced software and hardware engineers in the local bay area to find them the best fit based on their skillset and needs. see less","Sunnyvale, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/oxford-global-resources,oxford-global-resources,,,UCSC Extension Silicon Valley,Scout Program Assistant,Apr-13,Aug-14,"Scout’s mission is to reach out to educationally disadvantaged students across the state, raising achievement levels and closing achievement gaps between groups of students. Every SAPEP program works to achieve this goal in different ways, and Scout’s focus is on offering high school and middle school classes online.  • Participated actively as a part of Scout's recruitment committee for various positions (teachers, staff) including sourcing candidates actively and passively, screening paper applications, interviewing qualified candidates and hiring the appropriate fit. • Served as first touch point for Customer Service by answering phones/e-mails and provided quick turn around time • Planed and assisted in Community Outreach objectives for Scout • Assisted Student Services by processing PO's, estimates, creating student accounts, and providing excellent student account support and general service support • Attended and helped to plan conferences as part of Scout Community Outreach Plan • Organized, streamlined and executed Project Management Plans/Timelines to better increase efficiency of tasks and projects within Scout • Actively worked and assisted a variety of school officials and teachers in the implementation and program explanation of Scout for their school sites by providing ongoing customer support • Met hard deadlines for courses • Maintained and updated customer information on databases • Attended trade shows: set up and improved current customer relations, built new customer relationships, and helped to grow new relationships for future implementation of program • Created new policy to meet relevant customer needs/demands for program • Increased program enrollment/awareness by promotion/awareness building • Generated leads and followed-up to maintain relationships • Assisted on strategic marketing plan development see less","Santa Clara, CA",https://www.linkedin.com/company/ucsc-silicon-valley-extension,ucsc-silicon-valley-extension,,,Gonzaga University,Work Study for Development Research and Information Services,Jun-10,May-12,Provided administrative support for activities related to donors. Actively researched and updated information regarding donations by maintaining donor database. Participated and helped to provide support for donor functions. Preformed a variety of clerical and office duties including continued communication with donors and promotion for new prospects. see less,,https://www.linkedin.com/company/gonzaga-university,gonzaga-university,,,Gonzaga University,Bachelor of Arts (B.A.),"International/Global Studies, Spanish",,2008,2012,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"""Microsoft Office : 27, Customer Service : 20, Microsoft Excel : 17, Recruiting : 16, Sales : 11, Research : 9, Social Media : 9, Event Planning : 7, Community Outreach : 5, Curriculum Design : 2, Lead Generation : 0, Technical Recruiting : 0, Microsoft Word : 15, PowerPoint : 10, Communication : 14, Leadership : 12, Public Speaking : 8, Team Building : 7, Time Management : 5, Team Leadership : 4, Teaching : 2, """,,2,,Internet,1,Dipesh Virkar,Dipesh Virkar,,CAT Technology Inc; Gonzaga University; Google; AnitaB.org; Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing; Embedded Java Developer's Network
