taylor-driesell,Taylor Driesell,,https://www.linkedin.com/in/taylor-driesell/,Taylor,Driesell,Technical Recruiter at Facebook,https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQEO8WvQLj7naA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=0PiwvEZSdr1eCu9ETC1bQ7azJMl9gPuqcDZZcpsVOq0,"Washington, District Of Columbia",,Aug-07,"Connect. Impact. Grow. At Facebook, we encourage everyone to make bold decisions, even if that means being wrong some of the time. We are a culture of builders and learners focusing on solving the most important problems that bring real world value.  Building great things means taking risks.  Be open and remember, ""the riskiest thing is to take no risks"".  Join Facebook & our growing family of apps/services (e.g. Instagram, Oculus, WhatsApp). We're moving fast, making an impact, and just getting started!  Learn more on our careers page or reach out to me directly!",TaylorDriesell,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Facebook,Technical Recruiter,Feb-20,PRESENT,At Facebook our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. We're only 1% done! I'm hiring engineers who will bring new ideas to build a more connected community.,Washington D.C. Metro Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,Mapbox,"Senior Technical Recruiter, DC Lead",May-19,Feb-20,"Location is built into the fabric of our daily experiences. Whether you’re exploring a city with Lonely Planet, sharing with friends on Snapchat, seeing if it’s going to rain on Weather.com, tracking breaking news on Bloomberg, or checking your ETA in Lyft — location is essential to every one of these applications, and they’re powered by Mapbox.  We craft beautiful maps and developer-friendly location data, APIs, and SDKs so that you’re free to focus on designing, building, and developing your application. Our open-source tools let analytics companies understand big geo data, drone companies publish flyovers, real estate sites visualize properties, satellite companies process cloud-free imagery, and insurance companies track assets. We proudly embraces our open-source roots, we work in the open and release as much code as possible. We believe it’s the right thing for people, technology, and business.  I work with various technical teams to find the best talent in the US and Emerging Markets. If you're interested in changing the way people interact with the world around them, let me know! see less",Washington D.C. Metro Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/mapbox,mapbox,,,Red Ventures,Technical Project Manager,Aug-18,May-19,"• Works cross-functionally to coordinate the technical development effort, track/drive the project, and manage the operational implementation process. Proactively provides status-updates to project stakeholders via email, slack, daily stand-ups, etc. • Contributes to RV’s performance-based, collaborative culture; acts with urgency and ownership. Cultivates positive rapport and empathy with teammates in order to hold others accountable to deadlines and to understand tradeoffs and resource utilization. • Works with the development teams to create reasonable project timelines based on the scope of work. Provides escalation to the appropriate parties when bottlenecks or setbacks are identified, works with project manager to remove blockers. Drives major milestones and maintains project timelines. • Focuses on the day-to-day execution of initiatives, task-management, troubleshooting, and rollout for projects effectively solving everyday problems. Ensures projects align with established and approved design specifications or architecture; ensures overall quality meets stakeholders needs and expectations.  Red Ventures is a multi-billion-dollar portfolio of digital companies that specialize in bringing consumers and brands together. Through bespoke technology, integrated digital commerce and sales, distinguished partnerships, data science, and original content from the company’s proprietary brands and marketplaces, Red Ventures provides better end-to-end consumer experiences throughout the buying cycle. Headquartered in the Charlotte metro area, Red Ventures has more than 3,600 employees globally in offices across the US, UK, and Brazil. see less","Charlotte, North Carolina Area",https://www.linkedin.com/company/red-ventures,red-ventures,,,Red Ventures,Senior Technical Recruiter,Aug-17,Aug-18,"I work with top talent in Front End Development (React | Vue | JavaScript| CSS | HTML), who build technology that solves problems, disrupts markets, and increases efficiency for our partners. Developers at Red Ventures are expected to take risks, maintain their own timelines and stay hands-on from creation through optimization.  Machine learning, voice recognition, and natural language processing chatbots, behavioral tracking software—we’re building the future of commerce. We’re heavily invested in technology and big data. Our developers build and expand the platforms that help us grow.  Red Ventures has consistently been voted as one of the Best Places to Work in Charlotte – thanks in part to a campus that boasts a gym, running track, basketball court, bowling alley, spin room, and a bistro and food court. Most importantly, our culture is second-to-none, built around impressive, funny, driven people who take smart risks, build new technologies and embrace an entrepreneurial spirit. see less","Charlotte, North Carolina Area",https://www.linkedin.com/company/red-ventures,red-ventures,,,Catch Talent,Technical Talent Recruiter,Jul-16,Jul-17,"Catch is a recruiting and employer brand agency that delivers talent attraction and marketing services to growing technology, manufacturing, and government contracting companies. Based in Charleston, SC, Catch specializes in the full talent attraction lifecycle by recruiting, screening, and qualifying the best candidates, then developing employer brands that attract the next wave of talent and customers. see less","Charleston, South Carolina Area",https://www.linkedin.com/company/catch-talent,catch-talent,,,Blue Acorn,Networking Strategist,Dec-14,Jun-16,"Blue Acorn is a premium eCommerce agency helping retailers and brands achieve eCommerce growth through a comprehensive, data-driven approach.  We’re not a web development agency trying to maximize our revenue by attempting to build anything that can exist on the web. We only focus on eCommerce, but within that area of focus, we aim to excel at every aspect of it. This means we don’t just look at design or development or optimization. We look at all of it. Our comprehensive approach enables us to achieve the best results possible for our clients.  Being comprehensive doesn’t mean we are an agency full of generalists. All of our team members are experts in their respective area. They can be interested in as many areas of our eCommerce success stories as they like, but within our project teams, every member has a specific area of focus. Choosing where to apply our expertise is actually a big part of Blue Acorn’s history.","Charleston, South Carolina Area",https://www.linkedin.com/company/blue-acorn-ici,blue-acorn-ici,,,,,,,,,,,,,University of South Carolina-Columbia,Bachelor of Arts (BA),Criminology,,2012,2014,Studied criminal justice with a cognate in hospitality and management.,University of Maryland College Park,Bachelor of Arts (BA),Criminal Justice,,2010,2012,,,,,,,,,"""Technical Recruiting : 59, Leadership : 54, Problem Solving : 9, Project Management : 7, Technical Translation : 6, Hiring : 62, Recruiting : 23, Business Development : 11, Screening Resumes : 15, Employer Branding : 18, Social Media : 50, Research : 19, Scrum : 5, Agile Project Management : 5, Resource Management : 4, Strategic Sourcing : 5, Cold Calling : 6, Talent Acquisition : 28, Social Networking : 18, Applicant Tracking Systems : 17, JIRA : 4, LinkedIn Recruiter : 28, Organizational Effectiveness : 5, Time Management : 25, Employee Relations : 30, Teamwork : 35, Client Relations : 10, Sourcing : 24, Public Speaking : 27, Communication : 7, Team Building : 7, Interviewing : 9, Team Management : 7, Employee Training : 6, Talent Management : 4, Negotiation : 0, Priority Management : 7, Job Fairs : 12, Technical Communication : 4, Networking : 3, Full-life Cycle Recruiting : 3, Client Requirements : 3, Global Recruiting : 3, Results Driven : 3, """,,2,,Information Technology & Services,1,Jose Viscasillas,Jose Viscasillas,,"Bank of America; Ally; GITA (Geospatial Information & Technology Association); Washington DC IT Job Openings; Women In Software Engineering (WISE); The American Marketing Association—Washington, DC"
