annelisegonzales,Annelise Van Doren,,https://www.linkedin.com/in/annelisegonzales/,Annelise,Doren,Technical Recruiter at Facebook,https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQH5OKEhnEfMYw/profile-displayphoto-shrink_400_400/0?e=1597881600&v=beta&t=gICkb0u_-ie1-ZljxXzR5dvaSUxjhXCs4gCm8EHwuzA,Greater Los Angeles Area,,,"Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Join Facebook and our growing family of apps/services (e.g. Instagram, Oculus, WhatsApp). We're moving fast, making an impact, and just getting started. Learn more at www.facebook.com/careers  Recruiting for Android and iOS!",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Facebook,Technical Recruiter,Jan-20,PRESENT,Recruiting Android and SWE for our Menlo Park and Seattle locations,Greater Los Angeles Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/facebook,facebook,,,IMAX,Senior Recruiter,Jan-18,Dec-19,,Greater Los Angeles Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/imax,imax,,,IMAX,"Recruiter (Playa Vista, New York, Toronto)",Nov-15,Dec-17,"• Sole Talent Acquisition member in US that manages high volume and full-cycle recruitment for multiple client groups based in Los Angeles (Playa Vista), San Diego & New York City; supports Toronto office on an as needed basis. • Client groups include Marketing-Film, Brand and Creative, Legal, Finance, Investor Relations, Human Resources, Information Technology, Post Production, Operations, Corporate Development and Engineering. • Lead all aspects of recruitment ranging from reviewing resumes, sourcing and identifying best talent, conducting effective and insightful phone interviews, making candidate recommendations to hiring managers, coordinating the interview process and negotiating compensation packages. • Familiar with Sourcing methods that include Boolean, X-Ray, and familiar with Linked in Recruiter platform. • Meet regularly with hiring managers to discuss recruitment strategies and provide progress updates on open requisition status. • Provide on-going consultation and guidance to hiring managers as job responsibilities evolve over time due to business growth, business changes and/or personnel changes; modify recruitment strategies as appropriate. • Partner closely with cross functional partners in Human Resources (HRBPs) and Center of Excellence (Compensation, Total Rewards, Leaning & Development & HRIS). • Manage internship program for the US during Fall, Spring and Summer sessions. • Plan and attend university recruitment events at local universities; attend various university networking events and panels. • Manage partnership with Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences Gold Internship Program and active member of Academy Gold Advisory Group. • Involved in building out Onboarding program for the US. Experience facilitating day one onboarding. • Part of team that oversees the corporate LinkedIn page-tasked with growing audience in 2019 through various initiatives and strategies. see less",Greater Los Angeles Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/imax,imax,,,AMG,Retained Executive Search Consultant,Sep-12,Mar-16,Retained Executive Search Consultant Partner on OJF Inc. Search Assignments,Greater Los Angeles Area,https://www.linkedin.com/company/amg,amg,,,The Odessa Group,Retained Executive Search Consultant,Jul-09,Sep-12,"• Worked closely with President and Senior Consultants in developing new business development strategies. • Maintained relationships with current clients and headed all communication with prospective clients and candidates. • Managed full-cycle executive search process: candidate identification, candidate development, in-depth phone and in person interviews and presentation of profile to clients. • Recruited professionals at all levels and across various industries using direct sourcing and internet research. • Completed retained searches in the areas of sales, marketing, operations, engineering and research & development within technology driven companies. • Responsible for updating all marketing materials (brochures, company LinkedIn profile and website). • Assisted with creation of new website for the firm with the help of an outsourced web designer (this included writing all text). • Clients included: Roper Industries, Crane Co., Teledyne Technologies, Honeywell, Lisi Aerospace, Occidental Petroleum, Alcoa, Northrop Grumman, Ducommun Technologies, Mitsubishi, RED Digital Cinema, Unisource Solutions, Bruker, ThermoFisher Scientific and Danaher. see less",Greater Los Angeles Area,https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=The%20Odessa%20Group,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business,BS,"Business Administration, Entrepreneurship",,2005,2009,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"""Recruiting : 75, Talent Management : 48, Human Resources : 45, Sales : 23, Business Development : 21, Strategic Planning : 17, Customer Retention : 13, Manufacturing : 13, CRM : 12, Start-ups : 10, Product Development : 10, Strategy : 9, Cold Calling : 5, Competitive Analysis : 5, Client Retention : 4, Team Building : 36, Leadership : 30, Management : 27, Cross-functional Team Leadership : 17, Qualitative Research : 13, Sourcing : 10, Interviews : 7, Negotiation : 6, New Business Development : 25, Process Improvement : 10, Networking : 5, Recruiting Strategies : 5, In-Depth Research : 5, """,5877,2,,Internet,2,Vaishnavi Badame and Chirag Raote,Vaishnavi Badame,Chirag Raote,Family Business Network; The Walt Disney Company; USC Marshall Center for Global Supply Chain Management; Debbie Stanford-Kristiansen; The Recruiter.com Network - Expert Network Platform for Recruiters; USC Trojan Network
